1. Susan B. Anthony
- On Women's Right to Vote (1873)
Friends and fellow citizens: I stand before you tonight under indictment
for the alleged crime of having voted at the last presidential election,
without having a lawful
right to vote. It shall be my work this evening to prove to you that in
thus voting, I not only committed no crime, but, instead, simply exercised
my citizen's rights, guaranteed to me and all United States citizens by
the National Constitution, beyond the power of any state to deny.
The preamble of the Federal Constitution says:
"We, the people of the United States, in order to form a more
perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide
for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings
of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this
Constitution for the United States of America."
It was we, the people; not we, the white male citizens; nor yet we,
the male citizens; but we, the whole people, who formed the Union. And
we formed it, not to give the blessings of liberty, but to secure them;
not to the half of ourselves and the half of our posterity, but to the
whole people - women as well as men. And it is a downright mockery to talk
to women of their enjoyment of the blessings of liberty while they are
denied the use of the only means of securing them provided by this democratic-republican
government - the ballot.
For any state to make sex a qualification that must ever result in
the disfranchisement of one entire half of the people, is to pass a bill
of attainder, or, an ex post facto law, and is therefore a violation of
the supreme law of the land. By it the blessings of liberty are forever
withheld from women and their female posterity.
To them this government has no just powers derived from the consent
of the governed. To them this government is not a democracy. It is not
a republic. It is an odious aristocracy; a hateful oligarchy of sex; the
most hateful aristocracy ever established on the face of the globe; an
oligarchy of wealth, where the rich govern the poor. An oligarchy of learning,
where the educated govern the ignorant, or even an oligarchy of race, where
the Saxon rules the African, might be endured; but this oligarchy of sex,
which makes father, brothers, husband, sons, the oligarchs over the mother
and sisters, the wife and daughters, of every household - which ordains
all men sovereigns, all women subjects, carries dissension, discord, and
rebellion into every home of the nation.
Webster, Worcester, and Bouvier all define a citizen to be a person
in the United States, entitled to vote and hold office.
The only question left to be settled now is: Are women persons? And
I hardly believe any of our opponents will have the hardihood to say they
are not. Being persons, then, women are citizens; and no state has a right
to make any law, or to enforce any old law, that shall abridge their privileges
or immunities. Hence, every discrimination against women in the constitutions
and laws of the several states is today null and void, precisely as is
every one against Negroes.
Susan B. Anthony - 1873

2. Tony Blair -
To the Irish Parliament (1998)
Members of the Dail and Seanad, after all the long and torn history
of our two peoples, standing here as the first British prime minister ever
to address the joint Houses of the Oireachtas, I feel profoundly both the
history in this event, and I feel profoundly the enormity of the honour
that you are bestowing upon me. From the bottom of my heart, go raibh mile
maith agaibh.
Ireland, as you may know, is in my blood. My mother was born in the
flat above her grandmother's hardware shop on the main street of Ballyshannon
in Donegal. She lived there as a child, started school there and only moved
when her father died; her mother remarried and they crossed the water to
Glasgow.
We spent virtually every childhood summer holiday up to when the
troubles really took hold in Ireland, usually at Rossnowlagh, the Sands
House Hotel, I think it was. And we would travel in the beautiful countryside
of Donegal. It was there in the seas off the Irish coast that I learned
to swim, there that my father took me to my first pub, a remote little
house in the country, for a Guinness, a taste I've never forgotten and
which it is always a pleasure to repeat.
Even now, in my constituency of Sedgefield, which at one time had
30 pits or more, all now gone, virtually every community remembers that
its roots lie in Irish migration to the mines of Britain.
So like it or not, we, the British and the Irish, are irredeemably
linked.
We experienced and absorbed the same waves of invasions: Celts, Vikings,
Normans -- all left their distinctive mark on our countries. Over a thousand
years ago, the monastic traditions formed the basis for both our cultures.
Sadly, the power games of medieval monarchs and feudal chiefs sowed the
seeds of later trouble.
Yet it has always been simplistic to portray our differences as simply
Irish versus English -- or British. There were, after all, many in Britain
too who suffered greatly at the hands of powerful absentee landlords, who
were persecuted for their religion, or who were for centuries disenfranchised.
And each generation in Britain has benefited, as ours does, from the contribution
of Irishmen and women.
Today the links between our parliaments are continued by the British-Irish
Parliamentary Body, and last month 60 of our MPs set up a new all-party
"Irish in Britain Parliamentary Group."
Irish parliamentarians have made a major contribution to our shared
parliamentary history. Let me single out just two:
Daniel O'Connell, who fought against injustice to extend a franchise
restricted by religious prejudice;
Charles Stewart Parnell, whose statue stands today in the House
of Commons and whose political skills and commitment to social justice
made such an impact in that House.
So much shared history, so much shared pain.
And now the shared hope of a new beginning.
The peace process is at a difficult juncture. Progress is being made,
but slowly. There is an impasse over the establishment of the executive;
there is an impasse over decommissioning. But I have been optimistic the
whole way through. And I am optimistic now. Let us not underestimate how
far we have come; and let us agree that we have come too far to go back
now.
Politics is replacing violence as the way people do business. The
Good Friday Agreement, overwhelmingly endorsed by the people on both sides
of the Border, holds out the prospect of a peaceful long-term future for
Northern Ireland, and the whole island of Ireland.
The Northern Ireland Bill provides for the new Assembly and Executive,
the North-South Ministerial Council, and the British-Irish Council. It
incorporates the principle of consent into British constitutional law and
repeals the Government of Ireland Act of 1920. It establishes a Human Rights
Commission with the power to support individual cases. We will have an
Equality Commission to police a new duty on all public bodies in Northern
Ireland to promote equality of opportunity. We have set up the Patten Commission
to review policing. We are scaling down the military presence. Prisoners
are being released.
None of this is easy. I get many letters from the victims of violence
asking why we are freeing terrorist prisoners. It is a tough question but
my answer is clear: the agreement would never have come about if we had
not tackled the issue of prisoners. That agreement heralds the prospect
of an end to violence and a peaceful future for Northern Ireland. Our duty
is to carry it out. That is a duty I feel more strongly than ever, having
seen for myself the horror of Omagh. This was not the first such atrocity.
But with all of my being, I will it to be the last. I will never forget
the meeting I had, with Bill Clinton, with survivors, and with relatives
of those who died. Their suffering and their courage was an inspiration.
They will never forget their loved ones. Nor must we. We owe it to them
above all to build a lasting peace, when we have the best opportunity in
a generation to do so.
The Taoiseach's personal contribution has been immense. I pay tribute
to his tireless dedication. I value his friendship. I also salute the courage
of our predecessors, Deputy Albert Reynolds, Deputy John Bruton and John
Major; and I also salute Deputy Dick Spring, whose role in this process
goes back a long way.
Like us, you are living up to your side of the bargain too. You have
voted to end the territorial claim over Northern Ireland, essential to
the agreement.
It is time now for all the parties to live up to all their commitments.
Time for North/South bodies to be established to start a new era of co-operation
between you and Northern Ireland -- I hope agreement on these is now close.
Time to set up the institutions of the new government. Time for the gun
and the threat of the gun to be taken out of politics once and for all;
for decommissioning to start.
I am not asking anyone to surrender. I am asking everyone to declare
the victory of peace.
In Belfast or Dublin, people say the same thing: make the agreement
work.
It is never far from my mind. My sense of urgency and mission comes
from the children in Northern Ireland. I reflect on those who have been
victims of violence, whose lives are scarred and twisted through the random
wickedness of a terrorist act, on those who grow up in fear, those whose
parents and loved ones have died.
And I reflect on those, who though untouched directly by violence,
are nonetheless victims -- victims of mistrust and misunderstanding who
through lack of a political settlement miss the chance of new friendships,
new horizons, because of the isolation from others that the sectarian way
of life brings.
I reflect on the sheer waste of children taught to hate when I believe
passionately children should be taught to think.
Don't believe anyone who says the British people don't care about
the peace process. People in my country care deeply about it, are willing
it to work. And in our two countries, it is not just the politicians who
have a role to play.
No one should ignore the injustices of the past, or the lessons of
history. But too often between us, one person's history has been another
person's myth.
We need not be prisoners of our history. My generation in Britain
sees Ireland differently today and probably the same generation here feels
differently about Britain.
We can understand the emotions generated by Northern Ireland's troubles,
but we cannot really believe, as we approach the 21st century, there is
not a better way forward to the future than murder, terrorism and sectarian
hatred.
We see a changed Republic of Ireland today:
a modern, open economy;
after the long years of emigration, people beginning to come back
for the quality of life you now offer;
a country part of Europe's mainstream, having made the most of European
structural funds but no longer reliant on them;
some of the best business brains in the business world;
leaders in popular culture, U2, the Corrs, Boyzone, B-Witched;
a country that had the courage to elect its first woman president
and liked it so much, you did it again; and the politics of Northern Ireland
would be better for a few more women in prominent positions too.
And you see, I hope, a Britain emerging from its post-Empire malaise,
modernizing, becoming as confident of its future as it once was of its
past.
The programme of the new Labour government: driving up standards
in education; welfare reform; monetary and fiscal stability as the foundation
of a modern economy; massive investment in our public services tied to
the challenge of modernization; a huge programme of constitutional change;
a new positive attitude to Europe -- it is a program of national renewal
as ambitious as any undertaken in any western democracy in recent times.
It is precisely the dramatic changes in both countries that allow
us to see the possibilities of change in our relationship with each other.
It will require vision, but no more than the vision that has transformed
Ireland. It will require imagination, but no more than that shown by the
British people in the last two years. The old ways are changing between
London and Dublin. And this can spur the change and healing in Northern
Ireland too. The old notions of unionist supremacy and of narrow nationalism
are gradually having their fingers prised from their grip on the future.
Different traditions have to understand each other. Just as we must
understand your yearning for a united Ireland, so too must you understand
what the best of unionism is about. They are good and decent people, just
like you. They want to remain part of the UK -- and I have made it clear
that I value that wish. They feel threatened. Threatened by the terrorism
with which they have had to live for so long. Threatened, until the Good
Friday Agreement, that they would be forced into a united Ireland against
the will of the people of Northern Ireland.
Yet they realize now that a framework in which consent is guaranteed
is also one in which basic rights of equality and justice are guaranteed,
and that those who wish a united Ireland are free to make that claim, provided
it is democratically expressed, just as those who believe in the Union
can make their claim.
It is all about belonging. The wish of unionists to belong to the
UK. The wish of nationalists to belong to Ireland. Both traditions are
reasonable. There are no absolutes. The beginning of understanding is to
realize that.
My point is very simple. Those urges to belong, divergent as they
are, can live together more easily if we, Britain and the Irish Republic,
can live closer together too.
Down through the centuries, Ireland and Britain have inflicted too
much pain, each on the other. But now, the UK and Ireland as two modern
countries, we can try to put our histories behind us, try to forgive and
forget those age-old enmities.
We have both grown up now. A new generation is in power in each country.
We now have a real opportunity to put our relations on a completely
new footing, not least through working together in Europe. I know that
is what our peoples want and I believe we can deliver it.
Our ties are already rich and diverse: -- the UK is the largest market
for Irish goods. And you are our fifth most important market in the world;
in trade unions, professional bodies and the voluntary sector, our
people work together to help their communities; in culture, sport and academic
life there is an enormous crossover. Our theatres are full of Irish plays.
Our television is full of Irish actors and presenters. Your national football
team has a few English accents too;
above all, at the personal level, millions of Irish people live
and work in Britain, and hundreds of thousands of us visit you every year.
As ties strengthen, so the past can be put behind us. Nowhere was
this better illustrated than at the remarkable ceremony at Messines earlier
this month. Representatives of nationalists and unionists travelled together
to Flanders to remember shared suffering. Our army bands played together.
Our heads of state stood together. With our other European neighbors, such
a ceremony would be commonplace. For us it was a first. It shows how far
we have come. But it also shows we still have far to go.
The relationships across these islands are also changing in a significant
way.
The Taoiseach has spoken of the exciting new relationships that will
unfold as the people of Scotland and Wales, as well as Northern Ireland,
express their wishes through their own parliaments and assemblies. The
new British Irish Council must reflect and explore these opportunities.
We have much to gain by co-operating better across these islands in areas
like transport, education, the fight against illegal drugs.
But I want our co-operation to be wider and more fundamental still
-- above all in Europe.
It is 25 years since we both joined what was then the EEC. We have
had different approaches to agriculture, to monetary union, to defence.
But increasingly we share a common agenda and common objectives:
completion of the Single Market and structural economic reform;
better conditions for growth and jobs in Europe;
successful enlargement;
a united and coherent foreign policy voice for Europe;
a more effective fight against crime, drugs, illegal immigration
and environmental damage;
flexible, open and accountable European institutions.
We must work to make the single currency a success. Unlike Ireland,
we are not joining in the first wave. But we have made clear that we are
prepared to join later if the economic benefits are clear and unambiguous.
For my government, there is no political or constitutional barrier to joining.
There is no resistance to fullhearted European co-operation wherever this
brings added value to us all.
Enlargement will increasingly test our political and economic imaginations,
as we struggle with policy reform and future financing. The international
financial system must be reformed. We must learn to apply real political
will and harness our skills and resources far more effectively to solve
regional problems -- notably in the Balkans and the Middle East. Above
all, Europe must restate its vision for today's world, so that our people
understand why it is so important. This means defining the priorities where
common European action makes obvious sense and can make a real difference,
like economic co-ordination, foreign and security policy, the environment,
crime and drugs. It also means distinguishing them from areas where countries
or regions can best continue to make policy themselves, to suit local circumstances,
while still learning from each other -- for example, tax, education, health,
welfare.
That is why I want to forge new bonds with Dublin. Together we can
have a stronger voice in Europe and work to shape its future in a way which
suits all our people. It is said there was a time when Irish diplomats
in Europe spoke French in meetings to ensure they were clearly distinguished
from us. I hope those days are long behind us. We can accomplish much more
when our voices speak in harmony.
Our ministers and officials are increasingly consulting and coordinating
systematically. We can do more. I believe we can transform our links if
both sides are indeed ready to make the effort. For our part, we are.
This must also involve a dramatic new effort in bilateral relations,
above all to bring our young generations together. We need new youth and
school exchanges, contact through the new University for Industry, better
cultural programs in both directions. We need to work much more closely
to fight organized crime and drugs. We can do much more to enrich each
other's experience in areas like health care and welfare.
None of this threatens our separate identities. Co-operation does
not mean losing distinctiveness.
What the Taoiseach and I seek is a new dimension to our relationships
-- a real partnership between governments and peoples, which will engage
our societies at every level.
We have therefore agreed to launch a new intensive process. The Taoiseach
and I will meet again next spring in London, with key ministerial colleagues,
to give this the necessary impetus and agenda, and will thereafter meet
at least once a year to review progress. This will be part of the work
of the new Intergovernmental Conference. The objective is threefold:
first, revitalized and modernized bilateral relations where we can
finally put the burden of history behind us;
second, a habit of close consultation on European issues, marked
by a step-change in contacts at every level, particularly in key areas
such as agriculture, justice and home affairs, employment and foreign and
security policy;
third, working together on international issues more widely, for
example UN peacekeeping, to which both our countries have been important
contributors, arms proliferation and the Middle East.
What I welcome above all is that, after keeping us apart for so long,
Northern Ireland is now helping to bring us closer together. But I do not
believe Northern Ireland can or should any longer define the relationship
between us. Our common interests, what we can achieve together, go much,
much wider than that.
Our two countries can look to the future with confidence in our separate
ways. But we will be stronger and more prosperous working together.
That is my ambition. I know it is shared by the Taoiseach. I believe
it is an ambition shared by both our nations. The 21st century awaits us.
Let us confront its challenge with confidence, and together give our children
the future they deserve.
Tony Blair - November 26, 1998

3. Napoleon Bonaparte
- Farewell to the Old Guard (1814)
Soldiers of my Old Guard: I bid you farewell. For twenty years I
have constantly accompanied you on the road to honor and glory. In these
latter times, as in the days of our prosperity, you have invariably been
models of courage and fidelity. With men such as you our cause could not
be lost; but the war would have been interminable; it would have been civil
war, and that would have entailed deeper misfortunes on France.
I have sacrificed all of my interests to those of the country.
I go, but you, my friends, will continue to serve France. Her happiness
was my only thought. It will still be the object of my wishes. Do not regret
my fate; if I have consented to survive, it is to serve your glory. I intend
to write the history of the great achievements we have performed together.
Adieu, my friends. Would I could press you all to my heart.
Napoleon Bonaparte - April 20, 1814

4. Edmund Burke - On the Death of Marie Antoinette (1793)
It is now sixteen or seventeen years since I saw the Queen of France,
then the Dauphiness, at Versailles; and surely never lighted on this orb,
which she hardly seemed to touch, a more delightful vision. I saw her just
above the horizon, decorating and cheering the elevated sphere she had
just begun to move in, glittering like the morning star full of life and
splendor and joy.
Oh, what a revolution! and what a heart must I have,
to contemplate without emotion that elevation and that fall! Little did
I dream, when she added titles of veneration to those of enthusiastic,
distant, respectful love, that she should ever be obliged to carry the
sharp antidote against disgrace concealed in that bosom; little did I dream
that I should have lived to see such disasters fallen upon her, in a nation
of gallant men, in a nation of men of honor, and of cavaliers! I thought
ten thousand swords must have leaped from their scabbards, to avenge even
a look that threatened her with insult.
But the age of chivalry is gone; that of sophisters, economists,
and calculators has succeeded, and the glory of Europe is extinguished
forever. Never, never more, shall we behold that generous loyalty to rank
and sex, that proud submission, that dignified obedience, that subordination
of the heart, which kept alive, even in servitude itself, the spirit of
an exalted freedom! The unbought grace of life, the cheap defense of nations,
the nurse of manly sentiment and heroic enterprise is gone. It is gone,
that sensibility of principle, that chastity of honor, which felt a stain
like a wound, which inspired courage whilst it mitigated ferocity, which
ennobled whatever it touched, and under which vice itself lost half its
evil, by losing all its grossness.
Edmund Burke - 1793

5. George Bush
- Announcing War Against Iraq (1991)
Just 2 hours ago, allied air forces began an attack on military targets
in Iraq and Kuwait. These attacks continue as I speak. Ground forces are
not engaged.
This conflict started August 2nd when the dictator of Iraq invaded
a small and helpless neighbor. Kuwait -- a member of the Arab League and
a member of the United Nations -- was crushed; its people, brutalized.
Five months ago, Saddam Hussein started this cruel war against Kuwait.
Tonight, the battle has been joined.
This military action, taken in accord with United Nations resolutions
and with the consent of the United States Congress, follows months of constant
and virtually endless diplomatic activity on the part of the United Nations,
the United States, and many, many other countries. Arab leaders sought
what became known as an Arab solution, only to conclude that Saddam Hussein
was unwilling to leave Kuwait. Others traveled to Baghdad in a variety
of efforts to restore peace and justice. Our Secretary of State, James
Baker, held an historic meeting in Geneva, only to be totally rebuffed.
This past weekend, in a last-ditch effort, the Secretary-General of the
United Nations went to the Middle East with peace in his heart -- his second
such mission. And he came back from Baghdad with no progress at all in
getting Saddam Hussein to withdraw from Kuwait.
Now the 28 countries with forces in the Gulf area have exhausted
all reasonable efforts to reach a peaceful resolution -- have no choice
but to drive Saddam from Kuwait by force. We will not fail.
As I report to you, air attacks are underway against
military targets in Iraq. We are determined to knock out Saddam Hussein's
nuclear bomb potential. We will also destroy his chemical weapons facilities.
Much of Saddam's artillery and tanks will be destroyed. Our operations
are designed to best protect the lives of all the coalition forces by targeting
Saddam's vast military arsenal. Initial reports from General Schwarzkopf
are that our operations are proceeding according to plan.
Our objectives are clear: Saddam Hussein's forces will leave Kuwait.
The legitimate government of Kuwait will be restored to its rightful place,
and Kuwait will once again be free. Iraq will eventually comply with all
relevant United Nations resolutions, and then, when peace is restored,
it is our hope that Iraq will live as a peaceful and cooperative member
of the family of nations, thus enhancing the security and stability of
the Gulf.
Some may ask: Why act now? Why not wait? The answer is clear: The
world could wait no longer. Sanctions, though having some effect, showed
no signs of accomplishing their objective. Sanctions were tried for well
over 5 months, and we and our allies concluded that sanctions alone would
not force Saddam from Kuwait.
While the world waited, Saddam Hussein systematically raped, pillaged,
and plundered a tiny nation, no threat to his own. He subjected the people
of Kuwait to unspeakable atrocities -- and among those maimed and murdered,
innocent children.
While the world waited, Saddam sought to add to the chemical weapons
arsenal he now possesses, an infinitely more dangerous weapon of mass destruction
-- a nuclear weapon. And while the world waited, while the world talked
peace and withdrawal, Saddam Hussein dug in and moved massive forces into
Kuwait.
While the world waited, while Saddam stalled, more damage was being
done to the fragile economies of the Third World, emerging democracies
of Eastern Europe, to the entire world, including to our own economy.
The United States, together with the United Nations, exhausted every
means at our disposal to bring this crisis to a peaceful end. However,
Saddam clearly felt that by stalling and threatening and defying the United
Nations, he could weaken the forces arrayed against him.
While the world waited, Saddam Hussein met every overture of peace
with open contempt. While the world prayed for peace, Saddam prepared for
war.
I had hoped that when the United States Congress, in historic debate,
took its resolute action, Saddam would realize he could not prevail and
would move out of Kuwait in accord with the United Nation resolutions.
He did not do that. Instead, he remained intransigent, certain that time
was on his side.
Saddam was warned over and over again to comply with the will of
the United Nations: Leave Kuwait, or be driven out. Saddam has arrogantly
rejected all warnings. Instead, he tried to make this a dispute between
Iraq and the United States of America.
Well, he failed. Tonight, 28 nations -- countries from 5 continents,
Europe and Asia, Africa, and the Arab League -- have forces in the Gulf
area standing shoulder to shoulder against Saddam Hussein. These countries
had hoped the use of force could be avoided. Regrettably, we now believe
that only force will make him leave.
Prior to ordering our forces into battle, I instructed our military
commanders to take every necessary step to prevail as quickly as possible,
and with the greatest degree of protection possible for American and allied
service men and women. I've told the American people before that this will
not be another Vietnam, and I repeat this here tonight. Our troops will
have the best possible support in the entire world, and they will not be
asked to fight with one hand tied behind their back. I'm hopeful that this
fighting will not go on for long and that casualties will be held to an
absolute minimum.
This is an historic moment. We have in this past year made great
progress in ending the long era of conflict and cold war. We have before
us the opportunity to forge for ourselves and for future generations a
new world order -- a world where the rule of law, not the law of the jungle,
governs the conduct of nations. When we are successful -- and we will be
-- we have a real chance at this new world order, an order in which a credible
United Nations can use its peacekeeping role to fulfill the promise and
vision of the U.N.'s founders.
We have no argument with the people of Iraq. Indeed, for the innocents
caught in this conflict, I pray for their safety. Our goal is not the conquest
of Iraq. It is the liberation of Kuwait. It is my hope that somehow the
Iraqi people can, even now, convince their dictator that he must lay down
his arms, leave Kuwait, and let Iraq itself rejoin the family of peace-loving
nations.
Thomas Paine wrote many years ago: "These are the times that
try men's souls.'' Those well-known words are so very true today. But even
as planes of the multinational forces attack Iraq, I prefer to think of
peace, not war. I am convinced not only that we will prevail but that out
of the horror of combat will come the recognition that no nation can stand
against a world united, no nation will be permitted to brutally assault
its neighbor.
No President can easily commit our sons and daughters to war. They
are the Nation's finest. Ours is an all-volunteer force, magnificently
trained, highly motivated. The troops know why they're there. And listen
to what they say, for they've said it better than any President or Prime
Minister ever could.
Listen to Hollywood Huddleston, Marine lance corporal. He says, "Let's
free these people, so we can go home and be free again.'' And he's right.
The terrible crimes and tortures committed by Saddam's henchmen against
the innocent people of Kuwait are an affront to mankind and a challenge
to the freedom of all.
Listen to one of our great officers out there, Marine Lieutenant
General Walter Boomer. He said: "There are things worth fighting for.
A world in which brutality and lawlessness are allowed to go unchecked
isn't the kind of world we're going to want to live in.''
Listen to Master Sergeant J.P. Kendall of the 82nd Airborne: "We're
here for more than just the price of a gallon of gas. What we're doing
is going to chart the future of the world for the next 100 years. It's
better to deal with this guy now than 5 years from now.''
And finally, we should all sit up and listen to Jackie Jones, an
Army lieutenant, when she says, "If we let him get away with this,
who knows what's going to be next?''
I have called upon Hollywood and Walter and J.P. and Jackie and all
their courageous comrades-in-arms to do what must be done. Tonight, America
and the world are deeply grateful to them and to their families. And let
me say to everyone listening or watching tonight: When the troops we've
sent in finish their work, I am determined to bring them home as soon as
possible.
Tonight, as our forces fight, they and their families are in our
prayers. May God bless each and every one of them, and the coalition forces
at our side in the Gulf, and may He continue to bless our nation, the United
States of America.
President George Bush - January 16, 1991

6. George
W. Bush -  After September 11th (2001)
Mr. Speaker, Mr. President Pro Tempore, members of Congress, and fellow
Americans:
In the normal course of events, presidents come to this chamber to report
on the state of the Union. Tonight, no such report is needed. It has already
been delivered by the American people.
We have seen it in the courage of passengers who rushed terrorists to
save others on the ground. Passengers like an exceptional man named Todd Beamer.
And would you please help me welcome his wife Lisa Beamer here tonight?
We have seen the state of our Union in the endurance of rescuers working
past exhaustion.
We've seen the unfurling of flags, the lighting of candles, the giving
of blood, the saying of prayers in English, Hebrew and Arabic.
We have seen the decency of a loving and giving people who have made the
grief of strangers their own.
My fellow citizens, for the last nine days, the entire world has seen
for itself the state of our Union, and it is strong.
Tonight, we are a country awakened to danger and called to defend freedom.
Our grief has turned to anger and anger to resolution. Whether we bring our
enemies to justice or bring justice to our enemies, justice will be done.
I thank the Congress for its leadership at such an important time.
All of America was touched on the evening of the tragedy to see Republicans
and Democrats joined together on the steps of this Capitol singing "God
Bless America."
And you did more than sing. You acted, by delivering $40 billion to rebuild
our communities and meet the needs of our military. Speaker Hastert, Minority
Leader Gephardt, Majority Leader Daschle and Senator Lott, I thank you for
your friendship, for your leadership and for your service to our country.
And on behalf of the American people, I thank the world for its outpouring
of support.
America will never forget the sounds of our national anthem playing at
Buckingham Palace, on the streets of Paris and at Berlin's Brandenburg Gate.
We will not forget South Korean children gathering to pray outside our
embassy in Seoul, or the prayers of sympathy offered at a mosque in Cairo.
We will not forget moments of silence and days of mourning in Australia
and Africa and Latin America.
Nor will we forget the citizens of 80 other nations who died with our
own. Dozens of Pakistanis, more than 130 Israelis, more than 250 citizens
of India, men and women from El Salvador, Iran, Mexico and Japan, and hundreds
of British citizens.
America has no truer friend than Great Britain.
Once again, we are joined together in a great cause.
I'm so honored the British prime minister has crossed an ocean to show
his unity with America.
Thank you for coming, friend.
On September the 11th, enemies of freedom committed an act of war against
our country. Americans have known wars, but for the past 136 years they have
been wars on foreign soil, except for one Sunday in 1941. Americans have known
the casualties of war, but not at the center of a great city on a peaceful
morning.
Americans have known surprise attacks, but never before on thousands of
civilians.
All of this was brought upon us in a single day, and night fell on a different
world, a world where freedom itself is under attack.
Americans have many questions tonight. Americans are asking, "Who
attacked our country?"
The evidence we have gathered all points to a collection of loosely affiliated
terrorist organizations known as al-Qaida. They are some of the murderers
indicted for bombing American embassies in Tanzania and Kenya and responsible
for bombing the USS Cole.
Al-Qaida is to terror what the Mafia is to crime. But its goal is not
making money. Its goal is remaking the world and imposing its radical beliefs
on people everywhere.
The terrorists practice a fringe form of Islamic extremism that has been
rejected by Muslim scholars and the vast majority of Muslim clerics; a fringe
movement that perverts the peaceful teachings of Islam
.
The terrorists' directive commands them to kill Christians and Jews, to
kill all Americans and make no distinctions among military and civilians,
including women and children.
This group and its leader, a person named Osama bin Laden, are linked
to many other organizations in different countries, including the Egyptian
Islamic Jihad, the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan.
There are thousands of these terrorists in more than 60 countries.
They are recruited from their own nations and neighborhoods and brought
to camps in places like Afghanistan, where they are trained in the tactics
of terror. They are sent back to their homes or sent to hide in countries
around the world to plot evil and destruction.
The leadership of al-Qaida has great influence in Afghanistan and supports
the Taliban regime in controlling most of that country. In Afghanistan we
see al-Qaida's vision for the world. Afghanistan's people have been brutalized,
many are starving and many have fled.
Women are not allowed to attend school. You can be jailed for owning a
television. Religion can be practiced only as their leaders dictate. A man
can be jailed in Afghanistan if his beard is not long enough.
The United States respects the people of Afghanistan -- after all, we
are currently its largest source of humanitarian aid -- but we condemn the
Taliban regime.
It is not only repressing its own people, it is threatening people everywhere
by sponsoring and sheltering and supplying terrorists.
By aiding and abetting murder, the Taliban regime is committing murder.
And tonight the United States of America makes the following demands on the
Taliban.
Deliver to United States authorities all of the leaders of al-Qaida who
hide in your land.
Release all foreign nationals, including American citizens you have unjustly
imprisoned. Protect foreign journalists, diplomats and aid workers in your
country. Close immediately and permanently every terrorist training camp in
Afghanistan. And hand over every terrorist and every person and their support
structure to appropriate authorities.
Give the United States full access to terrorist training camps, so we
can make sure they are no longer operating.
These demands are not open to negotiation or discussion.
The Taliban must act and act immediately.
They will hand over the terrorists, or they will share in their fate.
I also want to speak tonight directly to Muslims throughout the world.
We respect your faith. It's practiced freely by many millions of Americans
and by millions more in countries that America counts as friends. Its teachings
are good and peaceful, and those who commit evil in the name of Allah blaspheme
the name of Allah.
The terrorists are traitors to their own faith, trying, in effect, to
hijack Islam itself.
The enemy of America is not our many Muslim friends. It is not our many
Arab friends. Our enemy is a radical network of terrorists and every government
that supports them.
Our war on terror begins with al-Qaida, but it does not end there.
It will not end until every terrorist group of global reach has been found,
stopped and defeated.
Americans are asking, "Why do they hate us?"
They hate what they see right here in this chamber: a democratically elected
government. Their leaders are self-appointed. They hate our freedoms: our
freedom of religion, our freedom of speech, our freedom to vote and assemble
and disagree with each other.
They want to overthrow existing governments in many Muslim countries such
as Egypt, Saudi Arabia and Jordan. They want to drive Israel out of the Middle
East. They want to drive Christians and Jews out of vast regions of Asia and
Africa.
These terrorists kill not merely to end lives, but to disrupt and end
a way of life. With every atrocity, they hope that America grows fearful,
retreating from the world and forsaking our friends. They stand against us
because we stand in their way.
We're not deceived by their pretenses to piety.
We have seen their kind before. They're the heirs of all the murderous
ideologies of the 20th century. By sacrificing human life to serve their radical
visions, by abandoning every value except the will to power, they follow in
the path of fascism, Nazism and totalitarianism. And they will follow that
path all the way to where it ends in history's unmarked grave of discarded
lies.
Americans are asking, "How will we fight and win this war?"
We will direct every resource at our command -- every means of diplomacy,
every tool of intelligence, every instrument of law enforcement, every financial
influence and every necessary weapon of war -- to the destruction and to the
defeat of the global terror network.
Now this war will not be like the war against Iraq a decade ago, with
a decisive liberation of territory and a swift conclusion. It will not look
like the air war above Kosovo two years ago, where no ground troops were used
and not a single American was lost in combat.
Our response involves far more than instant retaliation and isolated strikes.
Americans should not expect one battle, but a lengthy campaign unlike any
other we have ever seen. It may include dramatic strikes visible on TV and
covert operations secret even in success.
We will starve terrorists of funding, turn them one against another, drive
them from place to place until there is no refuge or no rest.
And we will pursue nations that provide aid or safe haven to terrorism.
Every nation in every region now has a decision to make: Either you are with
us, or you are with the terrorists.
From this day forward, any nation that continues to harbor or support
terrorism will be regarded by the United States as a hostile regime. Our nation
has been put on notice, we're not immune from attack. We will take defensive
measures against terrorism to protect Americans.
Today, dozens of federal departments and agencies, as well as state and
local governments, have responsibilities affecting homeland security.
These efforts must be coordinated at the highest level. So tonight, I
announce the creation of a Cabinet-level position reporting directly to me,
the Office of Homeland Security.
And tonight, I also announce a distinguished American to lead this effort,
to strengthen American security: a military veteran, an effective governor,
a true patriot, a trusted friend, Pennsylvania's Tom Ridge.
He will lead, oversee and coordinate a comprehensive national strategy
to safeguard our country against terrorism and respond to any attacks that
may come.
These measures are essential. The only way to defeat terrorism as a threat
to our way of life is to stop it, eliminate it and destroy it where it grows.
Many will be involved in this effort, from FBI agents, to intelligence
operatives, to the reservists we have called to active duty. All deserve our
thanks, and all have our prayers.
And tonight a few miles from the damaged Pentagon, I have a message for
our military: Be ready. I have called the armed forces to alert, and there
is a reason.
The hour is coming when America will act, and you will make us proud.
This is not, however, just America's fight. And what is at stake is not
just America's freedom.
This is the world's fight. This is civilization's fight. This is the fight
of all who believe in progress and pluralism, tolerance and freedom.
We ask every nation to join us.
We will ask and we will need the help of police forces, intelligence services
and banking systems around the world. The United States is grateful that many
nations and many international organizations have already responded with sympathy
and with support -- nations from Latin America, to Asia, to Africa, to Europe,
to the Islamic world.
Perhaps the NATO charter reflects best the attitude of the world: An attack
on one is an attack on all. The civilized world is rallying to America's side.
They understand that if this terror goes unpunished, their own cities,
their own citizens may be next. Terror unanswered cannot only bring down buildings,
it can threaten the stability of legitimate governments.
And you know what? We're not going to allow it.
Americans are asking, "What is expected of us?"
I ask you to live your lives and hug your children.
I know many citizens have fears tonight, and I ask you to be calm and
resolute, even in the face of a continuing threat.
I ask you to uphold the values of America and remember why so many have
come here.
We're in a fight for our principles, and our first responsibility is to
live by them. No one should be singled out for unfair treatment or unkind
words because of their ethnic background or religious faith.
I ask you to continue to support the victims of this tragedy with your
contributions. Those who want to give can go to a central source of information,
libertyunites.org, to find the names of groups providing direct help in New
York, Pennsylvania and Virginia.
The thousands of FBI agents who are now at work in this investigation
may need your cooperation, and I ask you to give it. I ask for your patience
with the delays and inconveniences that may accompany tighter security and
for your patience in what will be a long struggle.
I ask your continued participation and confidence in the American economy.
Terrorists attacked a symbol of American prosperity; they did not touch its
source.
America is successful because of the hard work and creativity and enterprise
of our people. These were the true strengths of our economy before September
11th, and they are our strengths today.
And finally, please continue praying for the victims of terror and their
families, for those in uniform and for our great country. Prayer has comforted
us in sorrow and will help strengthen us for the journey ahead.
Tonight I thank my fellow Americans for what you have already done and
for what you will do.
And ladies and gentlemen of the Congress, I thank you, their representatives,
for what you have already done and for what we will do together.
Tonight we face new and sudden national challenges.
We will come together to improve air safety, to dramatically expand the
number of air marshals on domestic flights and take new measures to prevent
hijacking.
We will come together to promote stability and keep our airlines flying
with direct assistance during this emergency.
We will come together to give law enforcement the additional tools it
needs to track down terror here at home.
We will come together to strengthen our intelligence capabilities to know
the plans of terrorists before they act and to find them before they strike.
We will come together to take active steps that strengthen America's economy
and put our people back to work.
Tonight, we welcome two leaders who embody the extraordinary spirit of
all New Yorkers, Governor George Pataki and Mayor Rudolf Giuliani.
As a symbol of America's resolve, my administration will work with Congress
and these two leaders to show the world that we will rebuild New York City.
After all that has just passed, all the lives taken and all the possibilities
and hopes that died with them, it is natural to wonder if America's future
is one of fear.
Some speak of an age of terror. I know there are struggles ahead and dangers
to face. But this country will define our times, not be defined by them.
As long as the United States of America is determined and strong, this
will not be an age of terror. This will be an age of liberty here and across
the world.
Great harm has been done to us. We have suffered great loss. And in our
grief and anger, we have found our mission and our moment.
Freedom and fear are at war. The advance of human freedom, the great achievement
of our time and the great hope of every time, now depends on us.
Our nation, this generation, will lift the dark threat of violence from
our people and our future. We will rally the world to this cause by our efforts,
by our courage. We will not tire, we will not falter, and we will not fail.
It is my hope that in the months and years ahead life will return almost
to normal. We'll go back to our lives and routines, and that is good.
Even grief recedes with time and grace.
But our resolve must not pass. Each of us will remember what happened
that day and to whom it happened. We will remember the moment the news came,
where we were and what we were doing.
Some will remember an image of a fire or story of rescue. Some will carry
memories of a face and a voice gone forever.
And I will carry this. It is the police shield of a man named George Howard,
who died at the World Trade Center trying to save others.
It was given to me by his mom, Arlene, as a proud memorial to her son.
It is my reminder of lives that ended and a task that does not end.
I will not forget the wound to our country and those who inflicted it.
I will not yield, I will not rest, I will not relent in waging this struggle
for freedom and security for the American people.
The course of this conflict is not known, yet its outcome is certain.
Freedom and fear, justice and cruelty, have always been at war, and we know
that God is not neutral between them.
Fellow citizens, we'll meet violence with patient justice, assured of
the rightness of our cause and confident of the victories to come.
In all that lies before us, may God grant us wisdom, and may he watch
over the United States of America.
Thank you.
President George W. Bush - September 20, 2001

7. Jimmy Carter
- Tribute to Hubert Humphrey (1977)
He is a man who has touched my life and that of my family, as I'm
sure he's touched almost everyone here, in a strange and very delightful
way. And I'm going to tell you just a few brief instances that occurred,
actually, long before I had any dreams of coming to Washington myself.
The first time I heard about Senator Humphrey was when I was in the
navy, and he made a famous speech at the Democratic National Convention.
He was quite well known in Georgia. I don't think anyone else has kept
more Georgia politicians from seeing the end of a Democratic convention
than Senator Humphrey has, because it got so that every time he walked
in, they walked out and came back home.
So, in 1964, when he became the vice-presidential candidate, in Georgia,
it wasn't a very popular thing to be for the Johnson-Humphrey slate. My
mother, Lillian, ran the Sumter County Johnson-Humphrey headquarters. And
I could always tell when my mother was coming down the road, because she
was in a brand-new automobile with the windows broken out, the radio antenna
tied in a knot, and the car painted with soap.
In that campaign, Hubert and Muriel came down to south Georgia to
Moultrie for a Democratic rally. And because of my mother's loyalty, she
was given the honor of picking up Muriel at the airport. And Rosalynn and
my mother and Muriel and my sister Gloria went down to Moultrie to attend
the rally. Senator Humphrey made a speech, and they had a women's reception
for Muriel. And they were riding around that south Georgia town getting
ready for the reception. Everybody in town was very excited. And as Muriel
approached the site, she said, "Are any black women invited to the
reception?"
For a long time no one spoke, and finally my sister said, "I
don't know." She knew quite well that they weren't. And Muriel said,
"I'm not going in." So, they stopped the car, and my sister Gloria
went inside to check and let the hostess know that Muriel was not coming
to the reception. But in a few minutes, Gloria came back and said, "Mrs.
Humphrey, it's okay." So, she went in and, sure enough, there were
several black ladies there at the reception. And Muriel never knew until
now that the maids just took off their aprons for the occasion. But that
was the first integrated reception in south Georgia, Muriel, and you are
responsible for it.
Ten or eleven years ago, when I was not in political office at all,
Senator Humphrey was vice-president. He had been to Europe on a long, tedious,
very successful trip. And he came down to Atlanta, Georgia, to visit in
the home of a friend named Marvin Shube. And I was invited there to meet
him, which was a great honor for me. I have never yet met a Democratic
president, and he was the only Democratic vice-president I had ever met.
And I stood there knowing that he was very weary because he had just returned
from Europe. But he answered the eager questions of those Georgia friends
until quite late in the morning, about two o'clock. And he was very well
briefed, because when I walked in the room, he said, "Young man, I
understand that your mother is in the Peace Corps in India."
And I said, "Yes, sir, that's right." He said, "Well,
I've been very interested in the Peace Corps. The idea originally came
from me, and I've been proud to see it put into effect." He said,
"Where's your mother?" And I said, "She's near Bombay."
He said, "How's she getting along?" I said, "Well, she's
quite lonely, sir. She's been there about six months, and she's not seen
anybody, even the Peace Corps officials. She's in a little town called
Vikhroli."
About a month later, I got a letter from my mother. She was in her
room one evening, and the head of the Peace Corps in India had driven up
to the little town of Vikhroli. He came in and asked my mother if she needed
anything. She said, no, she was getting along quite well, but she would
like to go over to Bombay. He said, "Well, can I take you in shopping,
Mrs. Carter?" She said, "Yes, I'd like that." So, they went
in, and he bought her a very fine supper and brought her back to Vikhroli.
When he got out, he handed her a fifth of very good bourbon. And he turned
around to get in the car to leave, and he finally turned back to her and
said, "By the way, Miss Lillian, who in the hell are you, anyway?"
And that's a true story. It was not until later that my mother knew who
she was. She was a friend of Hubert Humphrey.
And, of course, the next time he crossed my path was in 1968 when
he was our nominee for president. And all of us in this room went through
that year of tragedy together when he was not elected to be the leader
of our country. And I think he felt then an urging to be loyal to his president
and, unfortunately, many people were not that loyal to him. And his loss
was our nation's even greater loss in 1968.
The next time I saw him was when I was governor. He came to our home
in 1972. All the candidates just happened to stop by to see me that year,
and my daughter, Amy, was about four years old. And most of the ones who
would come into the mansion--she stayed away from them, having an early
aversion to politicians. But when Senator Humphrey came in, she loved him
instantly.
And I'll never forget sitting in the front presidential suite of
the Georgia governor's mansion, a very beautiful room, trying to talk to
Senator Humphrey. Amy came in eating a soft brownie, and she climbed up
on his lap without any timidity at all. In a very natural way, he put his
arm around her as though she was his own grandchild. And I'll always remember
Senator Humphrey sitting there talking to me about politics and about the
campaign, smiling often, with brownie all over his face. And each time
he frowned, brownie crumbs fell to the floor. And Amy loved him then and
has loved him ever since. But I think she recognized in him the qualities
that have aroused the love of so many people.
And then, of course, last year all I could hear everywhere I went
when I said, "Would you help me become president?" almost invariably
they would say, "Well, my first preference is Hubert Humphrey. If
he doesn't run, I'll support you." And there again, I learned on a
nationwide basis the relationship between Senator Humphrey and the people
of this country.
But I think the most deep impression I have of my good friend Hubert
Humphrey is since I've been president. I've seen him in the oval office
early in the morning. I've seen him in meetings with other congressional
leaders. I've called him on the phone when I was in trouble. I've gotten
his quiet and private and sound advice. And I've come to recognize that
all the attributes that I love about America are resident in him. And I'm
proud to be the president of a nation that loves a man like Hubert Humphrey
and is loved so deeply by him.
President Jimmy Carter - December 2, 1977

8. Jimmy Carter
- "A Crisis of Confidence" (1979)
Good evening.
This is a special night for me. Exactly three years ago, on   July 15, 1976, I accepted the nomination of my party to run for President of the   United States. I promised you a President who is not isolated from the people,   who feels your pain, and who shares your dreams and who draws his strength and   his wisdom from you.
During the past three years I've spoken to you on many   occasions about national concerns, the energy crisis, reorganizing the   Government, our Nation's economy, and issues of war and especially peace. But   over those years the subjects of the speeches, the talks, and the press   conferences have become increasingly narrow, focused more and more on what the   isolated world of Washington thinks is important. Gradually, you've heard more   and more about what the Government thinks or what the Government should be doing   and less and less about our Nation's hopes, our dreams, and our vision of the   future.
Ten days ago I had planned to speak to you again about a very   important subject  energy. For the fifth time I would have described the urgency   of the problem and laid out a series of legislative recommendations to the   Congress. But as I was preparing to speak, I began to ask myself the same   question that I now know has been troubling many of you. Why have we not been   able to get together as a nation to resolve our serious energy problem?
It's clear that the true problems of our Nation are much deeper  deeper   than gasoline lines or energy shortages, deeper even than inflation or   recession. And I realize more than ever that as President I need your help. So,   I decided to reach out and listen to the voices of America.
I invited to   Camp David people from almost every segment of our society  business and labor,   teachers and preachers, Governors, mayors, and private citizens. And then I left   Camp David to listen to other Americans, men and women like you. It has been an   extraordinary 10 days, and I want to share with you what I've heard.
First of all, I got a lot of personal advice. Let me quote a few of the   typical comments that I wrote down.
This from a southern Governor: "Mr.   President, you are not leading this Nation  you're just managing the   Government."
"You don't see the people enough any more."
"Some   of your Cabinet members don't seem loyal. There is not enough discipline among   your disciples."
"Don't talk to us about politics or the mechanics of   government, but about an understanding of our common good."
"Mr.   President, we're in trouble. Talk to us about blood and sweat and tears."
"If you lead, Mr. President, we will follow."
Many people talked   about themselves and about the condition of our Nation. This from a young woman   in Pennsylvania: "I feel so far from government. I feel like ordinary people are   excluded from political power."
And this from a young Chicano: "Some of   us have suffered from recession all our lives."
"Some people have wasted   energy, but others haven't had anything to waste."
And this from a   religious leader: "No material shortage can touch the important things like   God's love for us or our love for one another."
And I like this one   particularly from a black woman who happens to be the mayor of a small   Mississippi town: "The big-shots are not the only ones who are important.   Remember, you can't sell anything on Wall Street unless someone digs it up   somewhere else first."
This kind of summarized a lot of other   statements: "Mr. President, we are confronted with a moral and a spiritual   crisis."
Several of our discussions were on energy, and I have a   notebook full of comments and advice. I'll read just a few.
"We can't go   on consuming 40 percent more energy than we produce. When we import oil we are   also importing inflation plus unemployment."
"We've got to use what we   have. The Middle East has only 5 percent of the world's energy, but the United   States has 24 percent."
And this is one of the most vivid statements:   "Our neck is stretched over the fence and OPEC has a knife."
"There will   be other cartels and other shortages. American wisdom and courage right now can   set a path to follow in the future."
This was a good one: "Be bold, Mr.   President. We may make mistakes, but we are ready to experiment."
And   this one from a labor leader got to the heart of it: "The real issue is freedom.   We must deal with the energy problem on a war footing."
And the last   that I'll read: "When we enter the moral equivalent of war, Mr. President, don't   issue us BB guns."
These 10 days confirmed my belief in the decency and   the strength and the wisdom of the American people, but it also bore out some of   my longstanding concerns about our Nation's underlying problems.
I know,   of course, being President, that government actions and legislation can be very   important. That's why I've worked hard to put my campaign promises into law  and   I have to admit, with just mixed success. But after listening to the American   people I have been reminded again that all the legislation in the world can't   fix what's wrong with America. So, I want to speak to you first tonight about a   subject even more serious than energy or inflation. I want to talk to you right   now about a fundamental threat to American democracy.
I do not mean our   political and civil liberties. They will endure. And I do not refer to the   outward strength of America, a nation that is at peace tonight everywhere in the   world, with unmatched economic power and military might.
The threat is   nearly invisible in ordinary ways. It is a crisis of confidence. It is a crisis   that strikes at the very heart and soul and spirit of our national will. We can   see this crisis in the growing doubt about the meaning of our own lives and in   the loss of a unity of purpose for our Nation.
The erosion of our   confidence in the future is threatening to destroy the social and the political   fabric of America.
The confidence that we have always had as a people is   not simply some romantic dream or a proverb in a dusty book that we read just on   the Fourth of July. It is the idea which founded our Nation and has guided our   development as a people. Confidence in the future has supported everything   else  public institutions and private enterprise, our own families, and the very   Constitution of the United States. Confidence has defined our course and has   served as a link between generations. We've always believed in something called   progress. We've always had a faith that the days of our children would be better   than our own.
Our people are losing that faith, not only in government   itself but in the ability as citizens to serve as the ultimate rulers and   shapers of our democracy. As a people we know our past and we are proud of it.   Our progress has been part of the living history of America, even the world. We   always believed that we were part of a great movement of humanity itself called   democracy, involved in the search for freedom, and that belief has always   strengthened us in our purpose. But just as we are losing our confidence in the   future, we are also beginning to close the door on our past.
In a nation   that was proud of hard work, strong families, close-knit communities, and our   faith in God, too many of us now tend to worship self-indulgence and   consumption. Human identity is no longer defined by what one does, but by what   one owns. But we've discovered that owning things and consuming things does not   satisfy our longing for meaning. We've learned that piling up material goods   cannot fill the emptiness of lives which have no confidence or purpose.
The symptoms of this crisis of the American spirit are all around us.   For the first time in the history of our country a majority of our people   believe that the next five years will be worse than the past five years. Two-thirds of   our people do not even vote. The productivity of American workers is actually   dropping, and the willingness of Americans to save for the future has fallen   below that of all other people in the Western world.
As you know, there   is a growing disrespect for government and for churches and for schools, the   news media, and other institutions. This is not a message of happiness or   reassurance, but it is the truth and it is a warning.
These changes did   not happen overnight. They've come upon us gradually over the last generation,   years that were filled with shocks and tragedy.
We were sure that ours   was a nation of the ballot, not the bullet, until the murders of John Kennedy   and Robert Kennedy and Martin Luther King, Jr. We were taught that our armies   were always invincible and our causes were always just, only to suffer the agony   of Vietnam. We respected the Presidency as a place of honor until the shock of   Watergate.
We remember when the phrase "sound as a dollar" was an   expression of absolute dependability, until 10 years of inflation began to   shrink our dollar and our savings. We believed that our Nation's resources were   limitless until 1973, when we had to face a growing dependence on foreign oil.
These wounds are still very deep. They have never been healed.
Looking for a way out of this crisis, our people have turned to the   Federal Government and found it isolated from the mainstream of our Nation's   life. Washington, D.C., has become an island. The gap between our citizens and   our Government has never been so wide. The people are looking for honest   answers, not easy answers; clear leadership, not false claims and evasiveness   and politics as usual.
What you see too often in Washington and   elsewhere around the country is a system of government that seems incapable of   action. You see a Congress twisted and pulled in every direction by hundreds of   well-financed and powerful special interests. You see every extreme position   defended to the last vote, almost to the last breath by one unyielding group or   another. You often see a balanced and a fair approach that demands sacrifice, a   little sacrifice from everyone, abandoned like an orphan without support and   without friends.
Often you see paralysis and stagnation and drift. You   don't like it, and neither do I. What can we do?
First of all, we must   face the truth, and then we can change our course. We simply must have faith in   each other, faith in our ability to govern ourselves, and faith in the future of   this Nation. Restoring that faith and that confidence to America is now the most   important task we face. It is a true challenge of this generation of Americans.
One of the visitors to Camp David last week put it this way: "We've got   to stop crying and start sweating, stop talking and start walking, stop cursing   and start praying. The strength we need will not come from the White House, but   from every house in America."
We know the strength of America. We are   strong. We can regain our unity. We can regain our confidence. We are the heirs   of generations who survived threats much more powerful and awesome than those   that challenge us now. Our fathers and mothers were strong men and women who   shaped a new society during the Great Depression, who fought world wars, and who   carved out a new charter of peace for the world.
We ourselves are the   same Americans who just 10 years ago put a man on the Moon. We are the   generation that dedicated our society to the pursuit of human rights and   equality. And we are the generation that will win the war on the energy problem   and in that process rebuild the unity and confidence of America.
We are   at a turning point in our history. There are two paths to choose. One is a path   I've warned about tonight, the path that leads to fragmentation and   self-interest. Down that road lies a mistaken idea of freedom, the right to   grasp for ourselves some advantage over others. That path would be one of   constant conflict between narrow interests ending in chaos and immobility. It is   a certain route to failure.
All the traditions of our past, all the   lessons of our heritage, all the promises of our future point to another path,   the path of common purpose and the restoration of American values. That path   leads to true freedom for our Nation and ourselves. We can take the first steps   down that path as we begin to solve our energy problem.
Energy will be   the immediate test of our ability to unite this Nation, and it can also be the   standard around which we rally. On the battlefield of energy we can win for our   Nation a new confidence, and we can seize control again of our common destiny.
In little more than two decades we've gone from a position of energy   independence to one in which almost half the oil we use comes from foreign   countries, at prices that are going through the roof. Our excessive dependence   on OPEC has already taken a tremendous toll on our economy and our people. This   is the direct cause of the long lines which have made millions of you spend   aggravating hours waiting for gasoline. It's a cause of the increased inflation   and unemployment that we now face. This intolerable dependence on foreign oil   threatens our economic independence and the very security of our Nation.
The energy crisis is real. It is worldwide. It is a clear and present   danger to our Nation. These are facts and we simply must face them:
What   I have to say to you now about energy is simple and vitally important.
Point one: I am tonight setting a clear goal for the energy policy of   the United States. Beginning this moment, this Nation will never use more   foreign oil than we did in 1977  never. From now on, every new addition to our   demand for energy will be met from our own production and our own conservation.   The generation-long growth in our dependence on foreign oil will be stopped dead   in its tracks right now and then reversed as we move through the 1980's, for I   am tonight setting the further goal of cutting our dependence on foreign oil by   one-half by the end of the next decade  a saving of over 4 1/2 million barrels of   imported oil per day.
Point two: To ensure that we meet these targets, I   will use my Presidential authority to set import quotas. I'm announcing tonight   that for 1979 and 1980, I will forbid the entry into this country of one drop of   foreign oil more than these goals allow. These quotas will ensure a reduction in   imports even below the ambitious levels we set at the recent Tokyo summit.
Point three: To give us energy security, I am asking for the most   massive peacetime commitment of funds and resources in our Nation's history to   develop America's own alternative sources of fuel  from coal, from oil shale,   from plant products for gasohol, from unconventional gas, from the Sun.
I propose the creation of an energy security corporation to lead this   effort to replace 2 1/2 million barrels of imported oil per day by 1990. The   corporation will issue up to $5 billion in energy bonds, and I especially want   them to be in small denominations so that average Americans can invest directly   in America's energy security.
Just as a similar synthetic rubber   corporation helped us win World War II, so will we mobilize American   determination and ability to win the energy war. Moreover, I will soon submit   legislation to Congress calling for the creation of this Nation's first solar   bank, which will help us achieve the crucial goal of 20 percent of our energy   coming from solar power by the year 2000.
These efforts will cost money,   a lot of money, and that is why Congress must enact the windfall profits tax   without delay. It will be money well spent. Unlike the billions of dollars that   we ship to foreign countries to pay for foreign oil, these funds will be paid by   Americans to Americans. These funds will go to fight, not to increase, inflation   and unemployment.
Point four: I'm asking Congress to mandate, to require   as a matter of law, that our Nation's utility companies cut their massive use of   oil by 50 percent within the next decade and switch to other fuels, especially   coal, our most abundant energy source.
Point five: To make absolutely   certain that nothing stands in the way of achieving these goals, I will urge   Congress to create an energy mobilization board which, like the War Production   Board in World War II, will have the responsibility and authority to cut through   the redtape, the delays, and the endless roadblocks to completing key energy   projects.
We will protect our environment. But when this Nation   critically needs a refinery or a pipeline, we will build it.
Point six:   I'm proposing a bold conservation program to involve every State, county, and   city and every average American in our energy battle. This effort will permit   you to build conservation into your homes and your lives at a cost you can   afford.
I ask Congress to give me authority for mandatory conservation   and for standby gasoline rationing. To further conserve energy, I'm proposing   tonight an extra $10 billion over the next decade to strengthen our public   transportation systems. And I'm asking you for your good and for your Nation's   security to take no unnecessary trips, to use carpools or public transportation   whenever you can, to park your car one extra day per week, to obey the speed   limit, and to set your thermostats to save fuel. Every act of energy   conservation like this is more than just common sense  I tell you it is an act of   patriotism.
Our Nation must be fair to the poorest among us, so we will   increase aid to needy Americans to cope with rising energy prices. We often   think of conservation only in terms of sacrifice. In fact, it is the most   painless and immediate way of rebuilding our Nation's strength. Every gallon of   oil each one of us saves is a new form of production. It gives us more freedom,   more confidence, that much more control over our own lives.
So, the   solution of our energy crisis can also help us to conquer the crisis of the   spirit in our country. It can rekindle our sense of unity, our confidence in the   future, and give our Nation and all of us individually a new sense of purpose.
You know we can do it. We have the natural resources. We have more oil   in our shale alone than several Saudi Arabias. We have more coal than any nation   on Earth. We have the world's highest level of technology. We have the most   skilled work force, with innovative genius, and I firmly believe that we have   the national will to win this war.
I do not promise you that this   struggle for freedom will be easy. I do not promise a quick way out of our   Nation's problems, when the truth is that the only way out is an all-out effort.   What I do promise you is that I will lead our fight, and I will enforce fairness   in our struggle, and I will ensure honesty. And above all, I will act.
We can manage the short-term shortages more effectively and we will, but   there are no short-term solutions to our long-range problems. There is simply no   way to avoid sacrifice.
Twelve hours from now I will speak again in   Kansas City, to expand and to explain further our energy program. Just as the   search for solutions to our energy shortages has now led us to a new awareness   of our Nation's deeper problems, so our willingness to work for those solutions   in energy can strengthen us to attack those deeper problems.
I will   continue to travel this country, to hear the people of America. You can help me   to develop a national agenda for the 1980s. I will listen and I will act. We   will act together. These were the promises I made three years ago, and I intend to   keep them.
Little by little we can and we must rebuild our confidence.   We can spend until we empty our treasuries, and we may summon all the wonders of   science. But we can succeed only if we tap our greatest resources  America's   people, America's values, and America's confidence.
I have seen the   strength of America in the inexhaustible resources of our people. In the days to   come, let us renew that strength in the struggle for an energy secure nation.
In closing, let me say this: I will do my best, but I will not do it   alone. Let your voice be heard. Whenever you have a chance, say something good   about our country. With God's help and for the sake of our Nation, it is time   for us to join hands in America. Let us commit ourselves together to a rebirth   of the American spirit. Working together with our common faith we cannot fail.
Thank you and good night
.
President Jimmy Carter - July 15, 1979

9. Neville
          Chamberlain - On the Nazi Invasion of Poland (1939)
I do not propose to say many words tonight. The time has come when
action rather than speech is required. Eighteen months ago in this House
I prayed that the responsibility might not fall upon me to ask this country
to accept the awful arbitrament of war. I fear that I may not be able to
avoid that responsibility.
But, at any rate, I cannot wish for conditions in which such a burden
should fall upon me in which I should feel clearer than I do today as to
where my duty lies.
No man can say that the Government could have done more to try to
keep open the way for an honorable and equitable settlement of the dispute
between Germany and Poland. Nor have we neglected any means of making it
crystal clear to the German Government that if they insisted on using force
again in the manner in which they had used it in the past we were resolved
to oppose them by force.
Now that all the relevant documents are being made public we shall
stand at the bar of history knowing that the responsibility for this terrible
catastrophe lies on the shoulders of one man, the German Chancellor, who
has not hesitated to plunge the world into misery in order to serve his
own senseless ambitions...
Only last night the Polish Ambassador did see the German Foreign
Secretary, Herr von Ribbentrop. Once again he expressed to him what, indeed,
the Polish Government had already said publicly, that they were willing
to negotiate with Germany about their disputes on an equal basis.
What was the reply of the German Government? The reply was that without
another word the German troops crossed the Polish frontier this morning
at dawn and are since reported to be bombing open towns. In these circumstances
there is only one course open to us.
His Majesty's Ambassador in Berlin and the French Ambassador have
been instructed to hand to the German Government the following document:
"Early this morning the German Chancellor issued a proclamation
to the German Army which indicated that he was about to attack Poland.
Information which has reached His Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom
and the French Government indicates that attacks upon Polish towns are
proceeding. In these circumstances it appears to the Governments of the
United Kingdom and France that by their action the German Government have
created conditions, namely, an aggressive act of force against Poland threatening
the independence of Poland, which call for the implementation by the Government
of the United Kingdom and France of the undertaking to Poland to come to
her assistance. I am accordingly to inform your Excellency that unless
the German Government are prepared to give His Majesty's Government satisfactory
assurances that the German Government have suspended all aggressive action
against Poland and are prepared promptly to withdraw their forces from
Polish territory, His Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom will without
hesitation fulfill their obligations to Poland."
If a reply to this last warning is unfavorable, and I do not suggest
that it is likely to be otherwise, His Majesty's Ambassador is instructed
to ask for his passports. In that case we are ready.
Yesterday, we took further steps towards the completion of our defensive
preparation. This morning we ordered complete mobilization of the whole
of the Royal Navy, Army and Royal Air Force. We have also taken a number
of other measures, both at home and abroad, which the House will not perhaps
expect me to specify in detail. Briefly, they represent the final steps
in accordance with pre-arranged plans. These last can be put into force
rapidly, and are of such a nature that they can be deferred until war seems
inevitable. Steps have also been taken under the powers conferred by the
House last week to safeguard the position in regard to stocks of commodities
of various kinds.
The thoughts of many of us must at this moment inevitably be turning
back to 1914, and to a comparison of our position now with that which existed
then. How do we stand this time? The answer is that all three Services
are ready, and that the situation in all directions is far more favorable
and reassuring than in 1914, while behind the fighting Services we have
built up a vast organization of Civil Defense under our scheme of Air Raid
Precautions.
As regards the immediate manpower requirements, the Royal Navy, the
Army and the Air Force are in the fortunate position of having almost as
many men as they can conveniently handle at this moment. There are, however,
certain categories of service in which men are immediately required, both
for Military and Civil Defense. These will be announced in detail through
the press and the BBC.
The main and most satisfactory point to observe is that there is
today no need to make an appeal in a general way for recruits such as was
issued by Lord Kitchener 25 years ago. That appeal has been anticipated
by many months, and the men are already available. So much for the immediate
present. Now we must look to the future. It is essential in the face of
the tremendous task which confronts us, more especially in view of our
past experiences in this matter, to organize our manpower this time upon
as methodical, equitable and economical a basis as possible.
We, therefore, propose immediately to introduce legislation directed
to that end. A Bill will be laid before you which for all practical purposes
will amount to an expansion of the Military Training Act. Under its operation
all fit men between the ages of 18 and 41 will be rendered liable to military
service if and when called upon. It is not intended at the outset that
any considerable number of men other than those already liable shall be
called up, and steps will be taken to ensure that the manpower essentially
required by industry shall not be taken away.
There is one other allusion which I should like to make before I
end my speech, and that is to record my satisfaction of His Majesty's Government,
that throughout these last days of crisis Signor Mussolini also has been
doing his best to reach a solution. It now only remains for us to set our
teeth and to enter upon this struggle, which we ourselves earnestly endeavored
to avoid, with determination to see it through to the end.
We shall enter it with a clear conscience, with the support of the
Dominions and the British Empire, and the moral approval of the greater
part of the world.
We have no quarrel with the German people, except that they allow
themselves to be governed by a Nazi Government. As long as that Government
exists and pursues the methods it has so persistently followed during the
last two years, there will be no peace in Europe. We shall merely pass
from one crisis to another, and see one country after another attacked
by methods which have now become familiar to us in their sickening technique.
We are resolved that these methods must come to an end. If out of
the struggle we again re-establish in the world the rules of good faith
and the renunciation of force, why, then even the sacrifices that will
be entailed upon us will find their fullest justification.
Neville Chamberlain - September 1, 1939

10. Winston Churchill
          - Blood,  Toil, Tears and Sweat (1940)
Mister Speaker, on Friday evening last I received His Majesty's commission to form a new Administration. It was the evident wish and will of Parliament and the nation that this should be conceived on the broadest possible basis and that it should include all parties, both those who supported the late Government and also the parties of the Opposition. I have completed the most important part of this task. A War Cabinet has been formed of five Members, representing, with the Liberal Opposition, the unity of the nation. The three party Leaders have agreed to serve, either in the War Cabinet or in high executive office. The three Fighting Services have been filled. It was necessary that this should be done in one single day, on account of the extreme urgency and rigor of events. A number of other  key positions were filled yesterday, and I am submitting a further list to His Majesty tonight. I hope to complete the appointment of the principal Ministers during tomorrow. The appointment of the other Ministers usually takes a little longer, but I trust that when Parliament meets again, this part of my task will be completed, and that the administration will be complete in all respects.
Sir, I considered it in the public interest to suggest that the House should be summoned to meet today. Mr. Speaker agreed, and took the necessary steps, in accordance with the powers conferred upon him by the Resolution of the House. At the end of the proceedings today, the Adjournment of the House will be proposed until Tuesday, the 21st of May, with, of course, provision for earlier meeting, if need be. The business to be considered during that week will be notified to Members at the earliest opportunity. I now invite the House, by the  Resolution which stands in my name, to record its approval of the steps taken and to declare its confidence in the new Government.
Sir, to form an Administration of this scale and complexity is a serious undertaking in itself, but it must be remembered that we are in the preliminary stage of one of the greatest battles in history, that we are in action at many  points in Norway and in Holland, that we have to be prepared in the Mediterranean, that the air battle is continuous and that many preparations have to be made here at home. In this crisis I hope I may be pardoned if I do not address the House at any length today. I hope that any of my friends and colleagues, or former colleagues, who are affected by the political reconstruction, will make  all allowances for any lack of ceremony with which it has been necessary to act. I would say to the House, as I said to those who have joined the government: "I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat."
We have before us an ordeal of the most grievous kind. We have before us many, many long months of struggle and of suffering. You ask, what is our policy? I will say: It is to wage war, by sea, land and air, with all our might and with all the strength that God can give us; to wage war against a monstrous tyranny, never surpassed in the dark and lamentable catalogue of human crime. That is our policy. You ask, what is our aim? I can answer in one word: victory; victory at all costs, victory in spite of all terror, victory, however long and hard the road may be; for without victory, there is no survival. Let that be realized; no survival for the British Empire, no survival for all that the British Empire has stood for, no survival for the urge and impulse of the ages, that mankind will move forward towards its goal. But I take up my task with buoyancy and hope. I feel sure that our cause will not be suffered to fail among men. At this time I feel entitled to claim the aid of all, and I say, "Come then, let us go forward together with our united strength."
Winston Churchill - May 13, 1940

11. Winston Churchill - Their
          Finest Hour (1940)
I spoke the other day of the colossal military disaster which occurred
when the French High Command failed to withdraw the northern Armies from
Belgium at the moment when they knew that the French front was decisively
broken at Sedan and on the Meuse. This delay entailed the loss of fifteen
or sixteen French divisions and threw out of action for the critical period
the whole of the British Expeditionary Force. Our Army and 120,000 French
troops were indeed rescued by the British Navy from Dunkirk but only with
the loss of their cannon, vehicles and modern equipment. This loss inevitably
took some weeks to repair, and in the first two of those weeks the battle
in France has been lost. When we consider the heroic resistance made by
the French Army against heavy odds in this battle, the enormous losses
inflicted upon the enemy and the evident exhaustion of the enemy, it may
well be the thought that these 25 divisions of the best-trained and best-equipped
troops might have turned the scale. However, General Weygand had to fight
without them. Only three British divisions or their equivalent were able
to stand in the line with their French comrades. They have suffered severely,
but they have fought well. We sent every man we could to France as fast
as we could re-equip and transport their formations.
I am not reciting these facts for the purpose of recrimination. That
I judge to be utterly futile and even harmful. We cannot afford it. I recite
them in order to explain why it was we did not have, as we could have had,
between twelve and fourteen British divisions fighting in the line in this
great battle instead of only three. Now I put all this aside. I put it
on the shelf, from which the historians, when they have time, will select
their documents to tell their stories. We have to think of the future and
not of the past. This also applies in a small way to our own affairs at
home. There are many who would hold an inquest in the House of Commons
on the conduct of the Governments--and of Parliaments, for they are in
it, too--during the years which led up to this catastrophe. They seek to
indict those who were responsible for the guidance of our affairs. This
also would be a foolish and pernicious process. There are too many in it.
Let each man search his conscience and search his speeches. I frequently
search mine.
Of this I am quite sure, that if we open a quarrel between the past
and the present, we shall find that we have lost the future. Therefore,
I cannot accept the drawing of any distinctions between members of the
present Government. It was formed at a moment of crisis in order to unite
all the Parties and all sections of opinion. It has received the almost
unanimous support of both Houses of Parliament. Its members are going to
stand together, and, subject to the authority of the House of Commons,
we are going to govern the country and fight the war. It is absolutely
necessary at a time like this that every Minister who tries each day to
do his duty shall be respected; and their subordinates must know that their
chiefs are not threatened men, men who are here today and gone tomorrow,
but that their directions must be punctually and faithfully obeyed. Without
this concentrated power we cannot face what lies before us. I should not
think it would be very advantageous for the House to prolong this debate
this afternoon under conditions of public stress. Many facts are not clear
that will be clear in a short time. We are to have a secret session on
Thursday, and I should think that would be a better opportunity for the
many earnest expressions of opinion which members will desire to make and
for the House to discuss vital matters without having everything read the
next morning by our dangerous foes.
The disastrous military events which have happened during the past
fortnight have not come to me with any sense of surprise. Indeed, I indicated
a fortnight ago as clearly as I could to the House that the worst possibilities
were open; and I made it perfectly clear then that whatever happened in
France would make no difference to the resolve of Britain and the British
Empire to fight on, if necessary for years, if necessary alone.
During the last few days we have successfully brought off the great
majority of the troops we had on the line of communication in France; and
seven-eighths of the troops we have sent to France since the beginning
of the war--that is to say, about 350,000 out of 400,000 men--are safely
back in this country. Others are still fighting with the French, and fighting
with considerable success in their local encounters against the enemy.
We have also brought back a great mass of stores, rifles and munitions
of all kinds which had been accumulated in France during the last nine
months.
We have, therefore, in this Island today a very large and powerful
military force. This force comprises all our best-trained and our finest
troops, including scores of thousands of those who have already measured
their quality against the Germans and found themselves at no disadvantage.
We have under arms at the present time in this Island over a million and
a quarter men. Behind these we have the Local Defense Volunteers, numbering
half a million, only a portion of whom, however, are yet armed with rifles
or other firearms. We have incorporated into our Defense Forces every man
for whom we have a weapon. We expect very large additions to our weapons
in the near future, and in preparation for this we intend forthwith to
call up, drill and train further large numbers. Those who are not called
up, or else are employed during the vast business of munitions production
in all its branches--and their ramifications are innumerable--will serve
their country best by remaining at their ordinary work until they receive
their summons. We have also over here Dominions armies. The Canadians had
actually landed in France, but have now been safely withdrawn, much disappointed,
but in perfect order, with all their artillery and equipment. And these
very high-class forces from the Dominions will now take part in the defense
of the Mother Country.
Lest the account which I have given of these large forces should
raise the question: Why did they not take part in the great battle in France?
I must make it clear that, apart from the divisions training and organizing
at home, only twelve divisions were equipped to fight upon a scale which
justified their being sent abroad. And this was fully up to the number
which the French had been led to expect would be available in France at
the ninth month of the war. The rest of our forces at home have a fighting
value for home defense which will, of course, steadily increase every week
that passes. Thus, the invasion of Great Britain would at this time require
the transportation across the sea of hostile armies on a very large scale,
and after they had been so transported they would have to be continually
maintained with all the masses of munitions and supplies which are required
for continuous battle--as continuous battle it will surely be.
Here is where we come to the Navy--and after all, we have a Navy.
Some people seem to forget that we have a Navy. We must remind them. For
the last thirty years I have been concerned in discussions about the possibilities
of oversea invasion, and I took the responsibility on behalf of the Admiralty,
at the beginning of the last war, of allowing all regular troops to be
sent out of the country. That was a very serious step to take, because
our Territorials had only just been called up and were quite untrained.
Therefore, this Island was for several months particularly denuded of fighting
troops. The Admiralty had confidence at that time in their ability to prevent
a mass invasion even though at that time the Germans had a magnificent
battle fleet in the proportion of 10 to 16, even though they were capable
of fighting a general engagement every day and any day, whereas now they
have only a couple of heavy ships worth speaking of--the Scharnhorst and
the Gneisenau. We are also told that the Italian Navy is to come out and
gain sea superiority in these waters. If they seriously intend it, I shall
only say that we shall be delighted to offer Signor Mussolini a free and
safeguarded passage through the Strait of Gibraltar in order that he may
play the part to which he aspires. There is a general curiosity in the
British Fleet to find out whether the Italians are up to the level they
were at in the last war or whether they have fallen off at all.
Therefore, it seems to me that as far as sea-borne invasion on a
great scale is concerned, we are far more capable of meeting it today than
we were at many periods in the last war and during the early months of
this war, before our other troops were trained, and while the B.E.F. had
proceeded abroad. Now, the Navy have never pretended to be able to prevent
raids by bodies of 5,000 or 10,000 men flung suddenly across and thrown
ashore at several points on the coast some dark night or foggy morning.
The efficacy of sea power, especially under modern conditions, depends
upon the invading force being of large size; It has to be of large size,
in view of our military strength, to be of any use. If it is of large size,
then the Navy have something they can find and meet and, as it were, bite
on. Now, we must remember that even five divisions, however lightly equipped,
would require 200 to 250 ships, and with modern air reconnaissance and
photography it would not be easy to collect such an armada, marshal it,
and conduct it across the sea without any powerful naval forces to escort
it; and there would be very great possibilities, to put it mildly, that
this armada would be intercepted long before it reached the coast, and
all the men drowned in the sea or, at the worst blown to pieces with their
equipment while they were trying to land. We also have a great system of
minefields, recently strongly reinforced, through which we alone know the
channels. If the enemy tries to sweep passages through these minefields,
it will be the task of the Navy to destroy the mine-sweepers and any other
forces employed to protect them. There should be no difficulty in this,
owing to our great superiority at sea.
Those are the regular, well-tested, well-proved arguments on which
we have relied during many years in peace and war. But the question is
whether there are any new methods by which those solid assurances can be
circumvented. Odd as it may seem, some attention has been given to this
by the Admiralty, whose prime duty and responsibility is to destroy any
large sea-borne expedition before it reaches, or at the moment when it
reaches, these shores. It would not be a good thing for me to go into details
of this. It might suggest ideas to other people which they have not thought
of, and they would not be likely to give us any of their ideas in exchange.
All I will say is that untiring vigilance and mind-searching must be devoted
to the subject, because the enemy is crafty and cunning and full of novel
treacheries and stratagems. The House may be assured that the utmost ingenuity
is being displayed and imagination is being evoked from large numbers of
competent officers, well-trained in tactics and thoroughly up to date,
to measure and counterwork novel possibilities. Untiring vigilance and
untiring searching of the mind is being, and must be, devoted to the subject,
because, remember, the enemy is crafty and there is no dirty trick he will
not do.
Some people will ask why, then, was it that the British Navy was
not able to prevent the movement of a large army from Germany into Norway
across the Skagerrak? But the conditions in the Channel and in the North
Sea are in no way like those which prevail in the Skagerrak. In the Skagerrak,
because of the distance, we could give no air support to our surface ships,
and consequently, lying as we did close to the enemy's main air power,
we were compelled to use only our submarines. We could not enforce the
decisive blockade or interruption which is possible from surface vessels.
Our submarines took a heavy toll but could not, by themselves, prevent
the invasion of Norway. In the Channel and in the North Sea, on the other
hand, our superior naval surface forces, aided by our submarines, will
operate with close and effective air assistance.
This brings me, naturally, to the great question of invasion from
the air, and of the impending struggle between the British and German Air
Forces. It seems quite clear that no invasion on a scale beyond the capacity
of our land forces to crush speedily is likely to take place from the air
until our Air Force has been definitely overpowered. In the meantime, there
may be raids by parachute troops and attempted descents of airborne soldiers.
We should be able to give those gentry a warm reception both in the air
and on the ground, if they reach it in any condition to continue the dispute.
But the great question is: Can we break Hitler's air weapon? Now, of course,
it is a very great pity that we have not got an Air Force at least equal
to that of the most powerful enemy within striking distance of these shores.
But we have a very powerful Air Force which has proved itself far superior
in quality, both in men and in many types of machine, to what we have met
so far in the numerous and fierce air battles which have been fought with
the Germans. In France, where we were at a considerable disadvantage and
lost many machines on the ground when they were standing round the aerodromes,
we were accustomed to inflict in the air losses of as much as two and two-and-a-half
to one. In the fighting over Dunkirk, which was a sort of no-man's-land,
we undoubtedly beat the German Air Force, and gained the mastery of the
local air, inflicting here a loss of three or four to one day after day.
Anyone who looks at the photographs which were published a week or so ago
of the re-embarkation, showing the masses of troops assembled on the beach
and forming an ideal target for hours at a time, must realize that this
re-embarkation would not have been possible unless the enemy had resigned
all hope of recovering air superiority at that time and at that place.
In the defense of this Island the advantages to the defenders will
be much greater than they were in the fighting around Dunkirk. We hope
to improve on the rate of three or four to one which was realized at Dunkirk;
and in addition all our injured machines and their crews which get down
safely--and, surprisingly, a very great many injured machines and men do
get down safely in modern air fighting--all of these will fall, in an attack
upon these Islands, on friendly soil and live to fight another day; whereas
all the injured enemy machines and their complements will be total losses
as far as the war is concerned.
During the great battle in France, we gave very powerful and continuous
aid to the French Army, both by fighters and bombers; but in spite of every
kind of pressure we never would allow the entire metropolitan fighter strength
of the Air Force to be consumed. This decision was painful, but it was
also right, because the fortunes of the battle in France could not have
been decisively affected even if we had thrown in our entire fighter force.
That battle was lost by the unfortunate strategical opening, by the extraordinary
and unforseen power of the armored columns, and by the great preponderance
of the German Army in numbers. Our fighter Air Force might easily have
been exhausted as a mere accident in that great struggle, and then we should
have found ourselves at the present time in a very serious plight. But
as it is, I am happy to inform the House that our fighter strength is stronger
at the present time relatively to the Germans, who have suffered terrible
losses, than it has ever been; and consequently we believe ourselves possessed
of the capacity to continue the war in the air under better conditions
than we have ever experienced before. I look forward confidently to the
exploits of our fighter pilots--these splendid men, this brilliant youth--who
will have the glory of saving their native land, their island home, and
all they love, from the most deadly of all attacks.
There remains, of course, the danger of bombing attacks, which will
certainly be made very soon upon us by the bomber forces of the enemy.
It is true that the German bomber force is superior in numbers to ours;
but we have a very large bomber force also, which we shall use to strike
at military targets in Germany without intermission. I do not at all underrate
the severity of the ordeal which lies before us; but I believe our countrymen
will show themselves capable of standing up to it, like the brave men of
Barcelona, and will be able to stand up to it, and carry on in spite of
it, at least as well as any other people in the world. Much will depend
upon this; every man and every woman will have the chance to show the finest
qualities of their race, and render the highest service to their cause.
For all of us, at this time, whatever our sphere, our station, our occupation
or our duties, it will be a help to remember the famous lines:
He nothing common did or mean, Upon that memorable scene.
I have thought it right upon this occasion to give the House and
the country some indication of the solid, practical grounds upon which
we base our inflexible resolve to continue the war. There are a good many
people who say, 'Never mind. Win or lose, sink or swim, better die than
submit to tyranny--and such a tyranny.' And I do not dissociate myself
from them. But I can assure them that our professional advisers of the
three Services unitedly advise that we should carry on the war, and that
there are good and reasonable hopes of final victory. We have fully informed
and consulted all the self-governing Dominions, these great communities
far beyond the oceans who have been built up on our laws and on our civilization,
and who are absolutely free to choose their course, but are absolutely
devoted to the ancient Motherland, and who feel themselves inspired by
the same emotions which lead me to stake our all upon duty and honor. We
have fully consulted them, and I have received from their Prime Ministers,
Mr. Mackenzie King of Canada, Mr. Menzies of Australia, Mr. Fraser of New
Zealand, and General Smuts of South Africa--that wonderful man, with his
immense profound mind, and his eye watching from a distance the whole panorama
of European affairs--I have received from all these eminent men, who all
have Governments behind them elected on wide franchises, who are all there
because they represent the will of their people, messages couched in the
most moving terms in which they endorse our decision to fight on, and declare
themselves ready to share our fortunes and to persevere to the end. That
is what we are going to do.
We may now ask ourselves: In what way has our position worsened since
the beginning of the war? It has worsened by the fact that the Germans
have conquered a large part of the coast line of Western Europe, and many
small countries have been overrun by them. This aggravates the possibilities
of air attack and adds to our naval preoccupations. It in no way diminishes,
but on the contrary definitely increases, the power of our long-distance
blockade. Similarly, the entrance of Italy into the war increases the power
of our long-distance blockade. We have stopped the worst leak by that.
We do not know whether military resistance will come to an end in France
or not, but should it do so, then of course the Germans will be able to
concentrate their forces, both military and industrial, upon us. But for
the reasons I have given to the House these will not be found so easy to
apply. If invasion has become more imminent, as no doubt it has, we, being
relieved from the task of maintaining a large army in France, have far
larger and more efficient forces to meet it.
If Hitler can bring under his despotic control the industries of
the countries he has conquered, this will add greatly to his already vast
armament output. On the other hand, this will not happen immediately, and
we are now assured of immense, continuous and increasing support in supplies
and munitions of all kinds from the United States; and especially of aeroplanes
and pilots from the Dominions and across the oceans coming from regions
which are beyond the reach of enemy bombers.
I do not see how any of these factors can operate to our detriment
on balance before the winter comes; and the winter will impose a strain
upon the Nazi regime, with almost all Europe writhing and starving under
its cruel heel, which, for all their ruthlessness, will run them very hard.
We must not forget that from the moment when we declared war on the 3rd
September it was always possible for Germany to turn all her Air Force
upon this country, together with any other devices of invasion she might
conceive, and that France could have done little or nothing to prevent
her doing so. We have, therefore, lived under this danger, in principle
and in a slightly modified form, during all these months. In the meanwhile,
however, we have enormously improved our methods of defense, and we have
learned what we had no right to assume at the beginning, namely, that the
individual aircraft and the individual British pilot have a sure and definite
superiority. Therefore, in casting up this dread balance sheet and contemplating
our dangers with a disillusioned eye, I see great reason for intense vigilance
and exertion, but none whatever for panic or despair.
During the first four years of the last war the Allies experienced
nothing but disaster and disappointment. That was our constant fear: one
blow after another, terrible losses, frightful dangers. Everything miscarried.
And yet at the end of those four years the morale of the Allies was higher
than that of the Germans, who had moved from one aggressive triumph to
another, and who stood everywhere triumphant invaders of the lands into
which they had broken. During that war we repeatedly asked ourselves the
question: 'How are we going to win?' And no one was able ever to answer
it with much precision, until at the end, quite suddenly, quite unexpectedly,
our terrible foe collapsed before us, and we were so glutted with victory
that in our folly we threw it away.
We do not yet know what will happen in France or whether the French
resistance will be prolonged, both in France and in the French Empire overseas.
The French Government will be throwing away great opportunities and casting
adrift their future if they do not continue the war in accordance with
their treaty obligations, from which we have not felt able to release them.
The House will have read the historic declaration in which, at the desire
of many Frenchmen--and of our own hearts--we have proclaimed our willingness
at the darkest hour in French history to conclude a union of common citizenship
in this struggle. However matters may go in France or with the French Government,
or other French Governments, we in this Island and in the British Empire
will never lose our sense of comradeship with the French people. If we
are now called upon to endure what they have been suffering, we shall emulate
their courage, and if final victory rewards our toils they shall share
the gains, aye, and freedom shall be restored to all. We abate nothing
of our just demands; not one jot or tittle do we recede. Czechs, Poles,
Norwegians, Dutch, Belgians have joined their causes to our own. All these
shall be restored.
What General Weygand called the Battle of France is over. I expect
that the Battle of Britain is about to begin. Upon this battle depends
the survival of Christian civilization. Upon it depends our own British
life, and the long continuity of our institutions and our Empire. The whole
fury and might of the enemy must very soon be turned on us.
Hitler knows that he will have to break us in this Island or lose
the war. If we can stand up to him, all Europe may be free and the life
of the world may move forward into broad, sunlit uplands. But if we fail,
then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we
have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new Dark Age made
more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted
science.
Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves
that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years,
men will still say, 'This was their finest hour.'
Winston Churchill - June 18, 1940

12. Winston
          Churchill - "Iron Curtain" (1946)
I am very glad indeed to come to Westminster College this afternoon, and I am complimented that you should give me a degree from an institution whose reputation has been so solidly established.
The name "Westminster" is somehow familiar to me.
I seem to have heard of it before. Indeed, it was at Westminster that I received a very large part of my education in politics, dialectic, rhetoric, and one or two other things. In fact we have both been educated at the same, or similar, or, at any rate, kindred establishments.
It is also an honor, perhaps almost unique, for a private visitor to be introduced to an academic audience by the President of the United States. Amid his heavy burdens, duties, and responsibilities - unsought but not recoiled from - the President has traveled a thousand miles to dignify and magnify our meeting here today and to give me an opportunity of addressing this kindred nation, as well as my own countrymen across the ocean, and perhaps some other countries too. The President has told you that it is his wish, as I am sure it is yours, that I should have full liberty to give my true and faithful counsel in these anxious and baffling times. I shall certainly avail myself of this freedom, and feel the more right to do so because any private ambitions I may have cherished in my younger days have been satisfied beyond my wildest dreams. Let me, however, make it clear that I have no official mission or status of any kind, and that I speak only for myself. There is nothing here but what you see.
I can therefore allow my mind, with the experience of a lifetime, to play over the problems which beset us on the morrow of our absolute victory in arms, and to try to make sure with what strength I have that what has been gained with so much sacrifice and suffering shall be preserved for the future glory and safety of mankind.
The United States stands at this time at the pinnacle of world power. It is a solemn moment for the American Democracy. For with primacy in power is also joined an awe inspiring accountability to the future. If you look around you, you must feel not only the sense of duty done but also you must feel anxiety lest you fall below the level of achievement. Opportunity is here now, clear and shining for both our countries. To reject it or ignore it or fritter it away will bring upon us all the long reproaches of the after-time. It is necessary that constancy of mind, persistency of purpose, and the grand simplicity of decision shall  rule and guide the conduct of the English-speaking peoples in peace as they did in war. We must, and I believe we shall, prove ourselves equal to this severe requirement.
When American military men approach some serious situation they are wont to write at the head of their directive the words "overall strategic concept." There is wisdom in this, as it leads to clarity of thought. What then is the overall strategic concept which we should inscribe today? It is nothing less than the safety and welfare, the freedom and progress, of all the homes and families of all the men and women in all the lands. And here I speak particularly of the myriad cottage or apartment homes where the wage-earner strives amid the accidents and difficulties of life to guard his wife and children from privation and bring the family up in the fear of the Lord, or upon ethical conceptions which often play their potent part.
To give security to these countless homes, they must be shielded from the two giant marauders, war and tyranny. We all know the frightful disturbances in which the ordinary family is plunged when the curse of war swoops down upon the bread-winner and those for whom he works and contrives. The awful ruin of Europe, with all its vanished glories, and of large parts of Asia glares us in the eyes. When the designs of wicked men or the aggressive urge of mighty States dissolve over large areas the frame of civilized society, humble folk are confronted with difficulties with which they cannot cope. For them all is distorted, all is broken, even ground to pulp.
When I stand here this quiet afternoon I shudder to visualize what is actually happening to millions now and what is going to happen in this period when famine stalks the earth. None can compute what has been called "the unestimated sum of human pain." Our supreme task and duty is to guard the homes of the common people from the horrors and miseries of another war. We are all agreed on that.
Our American military colleagues, after having proclaimed their "overall strategic concept" and computed available resources, always proceed to the next step-namely, the method. Here again there is widespread agreement. A world organization has already been erected for the prime purpose of preventing war, UNO, the successor of the League of Nations, with the decisive addition of the United States and all that that means, is already at work. We must make sure that its work is fruitful, that it is a reality and not a sham, that it is a force for action, and not merely a frothing of words, that it is a true temple of peace in which the shields of many nations can someday be hung up, and not merely a cockpit in a Tower of Babel. Before we cast away the solid assurances of national armaments for self-preservation we must be certain that our temple is built, not upon shifting sands or quagmires, but upon the rock. Anyone can see with his eyes open that our path will be difficult and also long, but if we persevere together as we did in the two world wars - though not, alas, in the interval between them - I cannot doubt that we shall achieve our common purpose in the end.
I have, however, a definite and practical proposal to make for action. Courts and magistrates may be set up but they cannot function without sheriffs and constables. The United Nations Organization must immediately begin to be equipped with an international armed force. In such a matter we can only go step by step, but we must begin now. I propose that each of the Powers and States should be invited to delegate a certain number of air squadrons to the service of the world organization. These squadrons would be trained and prepared in their own countries, but would move around in rotation from one country to another. They would wear the uniform of their own countries but with different badges. They would not be required to act against their own nation, but in other respects they would be directed by the world organization. This might be started on a modest scale and would grow as confidence grew. I wished to see this done after the First World War, and I devoutly trust it may be done forthwith.
It would nevertheless be wrong and imprudent to entrust the secret knowledge or experience of the atomic bomb, which the United States, Great Britain, and Canada now share, to the world organization, while it is still in its infancy. It would be criminal madness to cast it adrift in this still agitated and un-united world. No one in any country has slept less well in their beds because this knowledge and the method and the raw materials to apply it, are at present largely retained in American hands. I do not believe we should all have slept so soundly had the positions been reversed and if some Communist or neo-Fascist State monopolized for the time being these dread agencies. The fear of them alone might easily have been used to enforce totalitarian systems upon the free democratic world, with consequences appalling to human imagination. God has willed that this shall not be and we have at least a breathing space to set our house in order before this peril has to be encountered: and even then, if no effort is spared, we should still possess so formidable a superiority as to impose effective deterrents upon its employment, or threat of employment, by others. Ultimately, when the essential brotherhood of man is truly embodied and expressed in a world organization with all the necessary practical safeguards to make it effective, these powers would naturally be confided to that world organization.
Now I come to the second danger of these two marauders which threatens the cottage, the home, and the ordinary people - namely, tyranny. We cannot be blind to the fact that the liberties enjoyed by individual citizens throughout the British Empire are not valid in a considerable number of countries, some of which are very powerful. In these States control is enforced upon the common people by various kinds of all-embracing police governments. The power of the State is exercised without restraint, either by dictators or by compact oligarchies operating through a privileged party and a political police. It is not our duty at this time when difficulties are so numerous to interfere forcibly in the internal affairs of countries which we have not conquered in war. But we must never cease to proclaim in fearless tones the great principles of freedom and the rights of man which are the joint inheritance of the English-speaking world and which through Magna Carta, the Bill of Rights, the Habeas Corpus, trial by jury, and the English common law find their most famous expression in the American Declaration of Independence.
All this means that the people of any country have the right, and should have the power by constitutional action, by free unfettered elections, with secret ballot, to choose or change the character or form of government under which they dwell; that freedom of speech and thought should reign; that courts of justice, independent of the executive, unbiased by any party, should administer laws which have received the broad assent of large majorities or are consecrated by time and custom. Here are the title deeds of freedom which should lie in every cottage home. Here is the message of the British and American peoples to mankind. Let us preach what we practice - let us practice what we preach.
I have now stated the two great dangers which menace the homes of the people: War and Tyranny. I have not yet spoken of poverty and privation which are in many cases the prevailing anxiety. But if the dangers of war and tyranny are removed, there is no doubt that science and co-operation can bring in the next few years to the world, certainly in the next few decades newly taught in the sharpening school of war, an expansion of material well-being beyond anything that has yet occurred in human experience. Now, at this sad and breathless moment, we are plunged in the hunger and distress which are the aftermath of our stupendous struggle; but this will pass and may pass quickly, and there is no reason except human folly or sub-human crime which should deny to all the nations the inauguration and enjoyment of an age of plenty. I have often used words which I learned fifty years ago from a great Irish-American orator, a friend of mine, Mr. Bourke Cockran. "There is enough for all. The earth is a generous mother; she will provide in plentiful abundance food for all her children if they will but cultivate her soil in justice and in peace." So far I feel that we are in full agreement.
Now, while still pursuing the method of realizing our overall strategic concept, I come to the crux of what I have traveled here to say. Neither the sure prevention of war, nor the continuous rise of world organization will be gained without what I have called the fraternal association of the English-speaking peoples. This means a special relationship between the British Commonwealth and Empire and the United States. This is no time for generalities, and I will venture to be precise. Fraternal association requires not only the growing friendship and mutual understanding between our two vast but kindred systems of society, but the continuance of the intimate relationship between our military advisers, leading to common study of potential dangers, the similarity of weapons and manuals of instructions, and to the interchange of officers and cadets at technical colleges. It should carry with it the continuance of the present facilities for mutual security by the joint use of all Naval and Air Force bases in the possession of either country all over the world. This would perhaps double the mobility of the American Navy and Air Force. It would greatly expand that of the British Empire Forces and it might well lead, if and as the world calms down, to important financial savings. Already we use together a large number of islands; more may well be entrusted to our joint care in the near future.
The United States has already a Permanent Defense Agreement with the Dominion of Canada, which is so devotedly attached to the British Commonwealth and Empire. This Agreement is more effective than many of those which have often been made under formal alliances. This principle should be extended to all British Commonwealths with full reciprocity. Thus, whatever happens, and thus only, shall we be secure ourselves and able to work together for the high and simple causes that are dear to us and bode no ill to any. Eventually there may come - I feel eventually there will come - the principle of common citizenship, but that we may be content to leave to destiny, whose outstretched arm many of us can already clearly see.
There is however an important question we must ask ourselves. Would a special relationship between the United States and the British Commonwealth be inconsistent with our over-riding loyalties to the World Organization? I reply that, on the contrary, it is probably the only means by which that organization will achieve its full stature and strength. There are already the special United States relations with Canada which I have just mentioned, and there are the special relations between the United States and the South American Republics. We British have our twenty years Treaty of Collaboration and Mutual Assistance with Soviet Russia. I agree with Mr. Bevin, the Foreign Secretary of Great Britain, that it might well be a fifty years Treaty so far as we are concerned. We aim at nothing but mutual assistance and collaboration. The British have an alliance with Portugal unbroken since 1384, and which produced fruitful results at critical moments in the late war. None of these clash with the general interest of a world agreement, or a world organization; on the contrary they help it. "In my father's house are many mansions." Special associations between members of the United Nations which have no aggressive point against any other country, which harbor no design incompatible with the Charter of the United Nations, far from being harmful, are beneficial and, as I believe, indispensable.
I spoke earlier of the Temple of Peace. Workmen from all countries must build that temple. If two of the workmen know each other particularly well and are old friends, if their families are intermingled, and if they have "faith in each other's purpose, hope in each other's future and charity towards each other's shortcomings" - to quote some good words I read here the other day - why cannot they work together at the common task as friends and partners? Why cannot they share their tools and thus increase each other's working powers? Indeed they must do so or else the temple may not be built, or, being built, it may collapse, and we shall all be proved again unteachable and have to go and try to learn again for a third time in a school of war, incomparably more rigorous than that from which we have just been released. The Dark Ages may return, the Stone Age may return on the gleaming wings of science, and what might now shower immeasurable material blessings upon mankind, may even bring about its total destruction. Beware, I say; time may be short. Do not let us take the course of allowing events to drift along until it is too late. If there is to be a fraternal association of the kind I have described, with all the extra strength and security which both our countries can derive from it, let us make sure that that great fact is known to the world, and that it plays its part in steadying and stabilizing the foundations of peace. There is the path of wisdom. Prevention is better than cure.
A shadow has fallen upon the scenes so lately lighted by the Allied victory. Nobody knows what Soviet Russia and its Communist international organization intends to do in the immediate future, or what are the limits, if any, to their expansive and
proselytizing
tendencies. I have a strong admiration and regard for the valiant Russian people and for my wartime comrade, Marshal Stalin. There is deep sympathy and goodwill in Britain - and I doubt not here also - towards the peoples of all the Russias and a resolve to persevere through many differences and rebuffs in establishing lasting friendships. We understand the Russian need to be secure on her western frontiers by the removal of all possibility of German aggression. We welcome Russia to her rightful place among the leading nations of the world. We welcome her flag upon the seas. Above all, we welcome constant, frequent and growing contacts between the Russian people and our own people on both sides of the Atlantic. It is my duty however, for I am sure you would wish me to state the facts as I see them to you, to place before you certain facts about the present position in Europe.
From Stettin in the Baltic to Trieste in the Adriatic, an iron curtain has descended across the continent. Behind that line lie all the capitals of the ancient states of Central and Eastern Europe. Warsaw, Berlin, Prague, Vienna, Budapest, Belgrade, Bucharest and Sofia, all these famous cities and the populations around them lie in what I must call the Soviet sphere, and all are subject in one form or another, not only to Soviet influence but to a very high and, in some cases, increasing measure of control from Moscow. Athens alone - Greece with its immortal glories - is free to decide its future at an election under British, American and French observation. The Russian-dominated Polish Government has been encouraged to make enormous and wrongful inroads upon Germany, and mass expulsions of millions of Germans on a scale grievous and undreamed-of are now taking place. The Communist parties, which were very small in all these Eastern States of Europe, have been raised to pre-eminence and power far beyond their numbers and are seeking everywhere to obtain totalitarian control. Police governments are prevailing in nearly every case, and so far, except in Czechoslovakia, there is no true democracy.
Turkey and Persia are both profoundly alarmed and disturbed at the claims which are being made upon them and at the pressure being exerted by the Moscow Government. An attempt is being made by the Russians in Berlin to build up a quasi-Communist party in their zone of Occupied Germany by showing special favors to groups of left-wing German leaders. At the end of the fighting last June, the American and British Armies withdrew westwards, in accordance with an earlier agreement, to a depth at some points of 150 miles upon a front of nearly four hundred miles, in order to allow our Russian allies to occupy this vast expanse of territory which the Western Democracies had conquered.
If now the Soviet Government tries, by separate action, to build up a pro-Communist Germany in their areas, this will cause new serious difficulties in the  American and British zones, and will give the defeated Germans the power of putting themselves up to auction between the Soviets and the Western Democracies. Whatever conclusions may be drawn from these facts - and facts they are - this is certainly not the Liberated Europe we fought to build up. Nor is it one which contains the essentials of permanent peace.
The safety of the world requires a new unity in Europe, from which no nation should be permanently outcast. It is from the quarrels of the strong parent races in Europe that the world wars we have witnessed, or which occurred in former times, have sprung. Twice in our own lifetime we have seen the United States, against their wishes and their traditions, against arguments, the force of which it is impossible not to comprehend, drawn by irresistible forces, into these wars in time to secure the victory of the good cause, but only after frightful slaughter and devastation had occurred. Twice the United States has had to send several millions of its young men across the Atlantic to find the war; but now war can find any nation, wherever it may dwell between dusk and dawn. Surely we should work with conscious purpose for a grand pacification of Europe, within the structure of the United Nations and in accordance with our Charter. That I feel is an open cause of policy of very great importance.
In front of the iron curtain which lies across Europe are other causes for anxiety. In Italy the Communist Party is seriously hampered by having to support the Communist-trained Marshal Tito's claims to former Italian territory at the head of the Adriatic. Nevertheless the future of Italy hangs in the balance. Again one cannot imagine a regenerated Europe without a strong France. All my public life I have worked for a strong France and I never lost faith in her destiny, even in the darkest hours. I will not lose faith now. However, in a great number of countries, far from the Russian frontiers and throughout the world, Communist fifth columns are established and work in complete unity and absolute obedience to the directions they receive from the Communist center. Except in the British Commonwealth and in the United States where Communism is in its infancy, the Communist parties or fifth columns constitute a growing challenge and peril to Christian civilization. These are somber facts for anyone to have to recite on the morrow of a victory gained by so much splendid comradeship in arms and in the cause of freedom and democracy; but we should be most unwise not to face them squarely while time remains.
The outlook is also anxious in the Far East and especially in Manchuria. The Agreement which was made at Yalta, to which I was a party, was extremely favorable to Soviet Russia, but it was made at a time when no one could say that the German war might not extend all through the summer and autumn of 1945 and when the Japanese war was expected by the best judges to last for a further 18 months from the end of the German war. In this country you are all so well-informed about the Far East, and such devoted friends of China, that I do not need to expatiate on the situation there.
I have, however, felt bound to portray the shadow which, alike in the west and in the east, falls upon the world. I was a minister at the time of the Versailles Treaty and a close friend of Mr. Lloyd-George, who was the head of the British delegation at Versailles. I did not myself agree with many things that were done, but I have a very strong impression in my mind of that situation, and I find it painful to contrast it with that which prevails now. In those days there were high hopes and unbounded confidence that the wars were over, and that the League of Nations would become all-powerful. I do not see or feel that same confidence or even the same hopes in the haggard world at the present time.
On the other hand I repulse the idea that a new war is inevitable; still more that it is imminent. It is because I am sure that our fortunes are still in our own hands and that we hold the power to save the future, that I feel the duty to speak out now that I have the occasion and the opportunity to do so. I do not believe that Soviet Russia desires war. What they desire is the fruits of war and the indefinite expansion of their power and doctrines. But what we have to consider here today while time remains, is the permanent prevention of war and the establishment of conditions of freedom and democracy as rapidly as possible in all countries. Our difficulties and dangers will not be removed by closing our eyes to them. They will not be removed by mere waiting to see what happens; nor will they be removed by a policy of appeasement. What is needed is a settlement, and the longer this is delayed, the more difficult it will be and the greater our dangers will become.
From what I have seen of our Russian friends and Allies during the war, I am convinced that there is nothing they admire so much as strength, and there is nothing for which they have less respect than for weakness, especially military weakness. For that reason the old doctrine of a balance of power is unsound. We cannot afford, if we can help it, to work on narrow margins, offering temptations to a trial of strength. If the Western Democracies stand together in strict adherence to the principles of the United Nations Charter, their influence for furthering those principles will be immense and no one is likely to molest them. If however they become divided or falter in their duty and if these all-important years are allowed to slip away then indeed catastrophe may overwhelm us all.
Last time I saw it all coming and I cried aloud to my own fellow-countrymen and to the world, but no one paid any attention. Up till the year 1933 or even 1935, Germany might have been saved from the awful fate which has overtaken her and we might all have been spared the miseries Hitler let loose upon mankind. There never was a war in  history easier to prevent by timely action than the one which has just desolated such great areas of the globe. It could have been prevented in my belief without the firing of a single shot, and Germany might be powerful, prosperous and honored today; but no one would listen and one by one we were all sucked into the awful whirlpool. We surely must not let that happen again. This can only be achieved by reaching now, in 1946, a good understanding on all points with Russia under the general authority of the United Nations Organization and by the maintenance of that good understanding through many peaceful years, by the world instrument, supported by the whole strength of the English-speaking world and all its connections. There is the solution which I respectfully offer to you in this address to which I have given the title "The Sinews of Peace."
Let no man underrate the abiding power of the British Empire and Commonwealth. Because you see the 46 millions in our island harassed about their food supply, of which they only grow one half, even in war-time, or because we have difficulty in restarting our industries and export trade after six years of passionate war effort, do not suppose that we shall not come through these dark years of privation as we have come through the glorious years of agony. Do not suppose  that half a century from now, you will not see 70 or 80 millions of Britons spread about the world  united in defense of our traditions, and our way of life, and of the world causes which you and we espouse. If the population of the English-speaking Commonwealths be added to that of the United States with all that such co-operation implies in the air, on the sea, all over the globe and in science and in industry, and in moral force, there will be no quivering, precarious balance of power to offer its temptation to ambition or adventure. On the contrary, there will be an overwhelming assurance of security. If we adhere faithfully to the Charter of the United Nations and walk forward in sedate and sober strength seeking no one's land or treasure, seeking to lay no arbitrary control upon the thoughts of men; if all British moral and material forces and convictions are joined with your own in fraternal association, the high-roads of the future will be clear, not only for us but for all, not only for our time, but for a century to come.
Winston Churchill - March 5, 1946

13. Bill Clinton
          - "I Have Sinned" (1998)
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the White House
and to this day to which Hillary and the vice president and I look forward
so much every year.
This is always an important day for our country, for the reasons
that the vice president said. It is an unusual and, I think, unusually
important day today. I may not be quite as easy with my words today as
I have been in years past, and I was up rather late last night thinking
about and praying about what I ought to say today. And rather unusual for
me, I actually tried to write it down. So if you will forgive me, I will
do my best to say what it is I want to say to you - and I may have to take
my glasses out to read my own writing.
First, I want to say to all of you that, as you might imagine, I
have been on quite a journey these last few weeks to get to the end of
this, to the rock bottom truth of where I am and where we all are.
I agree with those who have said that in my first statement after
I testified I was not contrite enough. I don't think there is a fancy way
to say that I have sinned.
It is important to me that everybody who has been hurt know that
the sorrow I feel is genuine: first and most important, my family; also
my friends, my staff, my Cabinet, Monica Lewinsky and her family, and the
American people. I have asked all for their forgiveness.
But I believe that to be forgiven, more than sorrow is required -
at least two more things. First, genuine repentance - a determination to
change and to repair breaches of my own making. I have repented. Second,
what my bible calls a ''broken spirit''; an understanding that I must have
God's help to be the person that I want to be; a willingness to give the
very forgiveness I seek; a renunciation of the pride and the anger which
cloud judgment, lead people to excuse and compare and to blame and complain.
Now, what does all this mean for me and for us? First, I will instruct
my lawyers to mount a vigorous defense, using all available appropriate
arguments. But legal language must not obscure the fact that I have done
wrong. Second, I will continue on the path of repentance, seeking pastoral
support and that of other caring people so that they can hold me accountable
for my own commitment.
Third, I will intensify my efforts to lead our country and the world
toward peace and freedom, prosperity and harmony, in the hope that with
a broken spirit and a still strong heart I can be used for greater good,
for we have many blessings and many challenges and so much work to do.
In this, I ask for your prayers and for your help in healing our
nation. And though I cannot move beyond or forget this - indeed, I must
always keep it as a caution light in my life - it is very important that
our nation move forward.
I am very grateful for the many, many people - clergy and ordinary
citizens alike - who have written me with wise counsel. I am profoundly
grateful for the support of so many Americans who somehow through it all
seem to still know that I care about them a great deal, that I care about
their problems and their dreams. I am grateful for those who have stood
by me and who say that in this case and many others, the bounds of privacy
have been excessively and unwisely invaded. That may be. Nevertheless,
in this case, it may be a blessing, because I still sinned. And if my repentance
is genuine and sustained, and if I can maintain both a broken spirit and
a strong heart, then good can come of this for our country as well as for
me and my family. (Applause)
The children of this country can learn in a profound way that integrity
is important and selfishness is wrong, but God can change us and make us
strong at the broken places. I want to embody those lessons for the children
of this country - for that little boy in Florida who came up to me and
said that he wanted to grow up and be President and to be just like me.
I want the parents of all the children in America to be able to say that
to their children.
A couple of days ago when I was in Florida a Jewish friend of mine
gave me this liturgy book called ''Gates of Repentance.'' And there was
this incredible passage from the Yom Kippur liturgy. I would like to read
it to you:
''Now is the time for turning. The leaves are beginning to turn from
green to red to orange. The birds are beginning to turn and are heading
once more toward the south. The animals are beginning to turn to storing
their food for the winter. For leaves, birds and animals, turning comes
instinctively. But for us, turning does not come so easily. It takes an
act of will for us to make a turn. It means breaking old habits. It means
admitting that we have been wrong, and this is never easy. It means losing
face. It means starting all over again. And this is always painful. It
means saying I am sorry. It means recognizing that we have the ability
to change. These things are terribly hard to do. But unless we turn, we
will be trapped forever in yesterday's ways. Lord help us to turn, from
callousness to sensitivity, from hostility to love, from pettiness to purpose,
from envy to contentment, from carelessness to discipline, from fear to
faith. Turn us around, O Lord, and bring us back toward you. Revive our
lives as at the beginning, and turn us toward each other, Lord, for in
isolation there is no life.''
I thank my friend for that. I thank you for being here. I ask you
to share my prayer that God will search me and know my heart, try me and
know my anxious thoughts, see if there is any hurtfulness in me, and lead
me toward the life everlasting. I ask that God give me a clean heart, let
me walk by faith and not sight.
I ask once again to be able to love my neighbor - all my neighbors
- as my self, to be an instrument of God's peace; to let the words of my
mouth and the meditations of my heart and, in the end, the work of my hands,
be pleasing. This is what I wanted to say to you today.
Thank you. God bless you.
President Bill Clinton - September 11, 1998

14. Bill
          Clinton - "I Am Profoundly Sorry" (1998)
Good afternoon.
As anyone close to me knows, for months I have been grappling with
how best to reconcile myself to the American people, to acknowledge my
own wrongdoing and still to maintain my focus on the work of the presidency.
Others are presenting my defense on the facts, the law and the Constitution.
Nothing I can say now can add to that.
What I want the American people to know, what I want the Congress
to know is that I am profoundly sorry for all I have done wrong in words
and deeds.
I never should have misled the country, the Congress, my friends
or my family. Quite simply, I gave in to my shame. I have been condemned
by my accusers with harsh words.
And while it's hard to hear yourself called deceitful and manipulative,
I remember Ben Franklin's admonition that our critics are our friends,
for they do show us our faults.
Mere words cannot fully express the profound remorse I feel for what
our country is going through and for what members of both parties in Congress
are now forced to deal with. These past months have been a torturous process
of coming to terms with what I did. I understand that accountability demands
consequences, and I'm prepared to accept them.
Painful as the condemnation of the Congress would be, it would pale
in comparison to the consequences of the pain I have caused my family.
There is no greater agony.
Like anyone who honestly faces the shame of wrongful conduct, I would
give anything to go back and undo what I did.
But one of the painful truths I have to live with is the reality
that that is simply not possible. An old and dear friend of mine recently
sent me the wisdom of a poet who wrote, "The moving finger writes
and having writ, moves on. Nor all your piety nor wit shall lure it back
to cancel half a line. Nor all your tears wash out a word of it.''
So nothing, not piety, nor tears, nor wit, nor torment can alter
what I have done. I must make my peace with that.
I must also be at peace with the fact that the public consequences
of my actions are in the hands of the American people and their representatives
in the Congress.
Should they determine that my errors of word and deed require their
rebuke and censure, I am ready to accept that.
Meanwhile, I will continue to do all I can to reclaim the trust of
the American people and to serve them well.
We must all return to the work, the vital work, of strengthening
our nation for the new century. Our country has wonderful opportunities
and daunting challenges ahead. I intend to seize those opportunities and
meet those challenges with all the energy and ability and strength God
has given me.
That is simply all I can do -- the work of the American people.
Thank you very much.
President Bill Clinton - December 11, 1998

15. Edouard Daladier
          - Nazis' Aim is Slavery(1940)
At the end of five months of war one thing has become more and more
clear. It is that Germany seeks to establish a domination over the world
completely different from any known in history.
The domination at which the Nazis aim is not limited to the displacement
of the balance of power and the imposition of supremacy of one nation.
It seeks the systematic and total destruction of those conquered by Hitler,
and it does not treaty with the nations which he has subdued. He destroys
them. He takes from them their whole political and economic existence and
seeks even to deprive them of their history and their culture. He wishes
to consider them only as vital space and a vacant territory over which
he has every right.
The human beings who constitute these nations are for him only cattle.
He orders their massacre or their migration. He compels them to make room
for their conquerors. He does not even take the trouble to impose any war
tribute on them. He just takes all their wealth, and, to prevent any revolt,
he wipes out their leaders and scientifically seeks the physical and moral
degradation of those whose independence he has taken away.
Under this domination, in thousands of towns and villages in Europe
there are millions of human beings now living in misery which, some months
ago, they could never have imagined. Austria, Bohemia, Slovakia and Poland
are only lands of despair. Their whole peoples have been deprived of the
means of moral and material happiness. Subdued by treachery or brutal violence,
they have no other recourse than to work for their executioners who grant
them scarcely enough to assure the most miserable existence.
There is being created a world of masters and slaves in the image
of Germany herself. For, while Germany is crushing beneath her tyranny
the men of every race and language, she is herself being crushed beneath
her own servitude and her domination mania. The German worker and peasant
are the slaves of their Nazi masters while the worker and peasant of Bohemia
and Poland have become in turn slaves of these slaves. Before this first
realization of a mad dream, the whole world might shudder.
Nazi propaganda is entirely founded on the exploitation of the weakness
of the human heart. It does not address itself to the strong or the heroic.
It tells the rich they are going to lose their money. It tells the worker
this is a rich man's war. It tells the intellectual and the artist that
all he cherished is being destroyed by war. It tells the lover of good
things that soon he would have none of them. It says to the Christian believer:
"How can you accept this massacre?" It tells the adventurer -
"a man like you should profit by the misfortunes of your country."
It is those who speak this way who have destroyed or confiscated
all the wealth they could lay their hands on, who have reduced their workers
to slavery, who have ruined all intellectual liberty, who have imposed
terrible privations on millions of men and women and who have made murder
their law. What do contradictions matter to them if they can lower the
resistance of those who wish to bar the path of their ambitions to be masters
of the world?
For us there is more to do than merely win the war. We shall win
it, but we must also win a victory far greater than that of arms. In this
world of masters and slaves, which those madmen who rule at Berlin are
seeking to forge, we must also save liberty and human dignity.
Edouard Daladier - January 29, 1940

16. Frederick
          Douglass - The Hypocrisy of American Slavery (1852)
Fellow citizens, pardon me, and allow me to ask, why am I called
upon to speak here today? What have I or those I represent to do with your
national independence? Are the great principles of political freedom and
of natural justice, embodied in that Declaration of Independence, extended
to us? And am I, therefore, called upon to bring our humble offering to
the national altar, and to confess the benefits, and express devout gratitude
for the blessings resulting from your independence to us?
Would to God, both for your sakes and ours, that an affirmative answer
could be truthfully returned to these questions. Then would my task be
light, and my burden easy and delightful. For who is there so cold that
a nation's sympathy could not warm him? Who so obdurate and dead to the
claims of gratitude, that would not thankfully acknowledge such priceless
benefits? Who so stolid and selfish that would not give his voice to swell
the hallelujahs of a nation's jubilee, when the chains of servitude had
been torn from his limbs? I am not that man. In a case like that, the dumb
might eloquently speak, and the "lame man leap as an hart."
But such is not the state of the case. I say it with a sad sense
of disparity between us. I am not included within the pale of this glorious
anniversary! Your high independence only reveals the immeasurable distance
between us. The blessings in which you this day rejoice are not enjoyed
in common. The rich inheritance of justice, liberty, prosperity, and independence
bequeathed by your fathers is shared by you, not by me. The sunlight that
brought life and healing to you has brought stripes and death to me. This
Fourth of July is yours, not mine. You
may rejoice, I must mourn.
To drag a man in fetters into the grand illuminated temple of liberty,
and call upon him to join you in joyous anthems, were inhuman mockery and
sacrilegious irony. Do you mean, citizens, to mock me, by asking me to
speak today? If so, there is a parallel to your conduct. And let me warn
you, that it is dangerous to copy the example of a nation (Babylon) whose
crimes, towering up to heaven, were thrown down by the breath of the Almighty,
burying that nation in irrecoverable ruin.
Fellow citizens, above your national, tumultuous joy, I hear the
mournful wail of millions, whose chains, heavy and grievous yesterday,
are today rendered more intolerable by the jubilant shouts that reach them.
If I do forget, if I do not remember those bleeding children of sorrow
this day, "may my right hand forget her cunning, and may my tongue
cleave to the roof of my mouth!"
To forget them, to pass lightly over their wrongs and to chime in
with the popular theme would be treason most scandalous and shocking, and
would make me a reproach before God and the world.
My subject, then, fellow citizens, is "American Slavery."
I shall see this day and its popular characteristics from the slave's point
of view. Standing here, identified with the American bondman, making his
wrongs mine, I do not hesitate to declare, with all my soul, that the character
and conduct of this nation never looked blacker to me than on this Fourth
of July.
Whether we turn to the declarations of the past, or to the professions
of the present, the conduct of the nation seems equally hideous and revolting.
America is false to the past, false to the present, and solemnly binds
herself to be false to the future. Standing with God and the crushed and
bleeding slave on this occasion, I will, in the name of humanity, which
is outraged, in the name of liberty, which is fettered, in the name of
the Constitution and the Bible, which are disregarded and trampled upon,
dare to call in question and to denounce, with all the emphasis I can command,
everything that serves to perpetuate slavery -- the great sin and shame
of America! "I will not equivocate - I will not excuse." I will
use the severest language I can command, and yet not one word shall escape
me that any man, whose judgment is not blinded by prejudice, or who is
not at heart a slave-holder, shall not confess to be right and just.
But I fancy I hear some of my audience say it is just in this circumstance
that you and your brother Abolitionists fail to make a favorable impression
on the public mind. Would you argue more and denounce less, would you persuade
more and rebuke less, your cause would be much more likely to succeed.
But, I submit, where all is plain there is nothing to be argued. What point
in the anti-slavery creed would you have me argue? On what branch of the
subject do the people of this country need light? Must I undertake to prove
that the slave is a man? That point is conceded already. Nobody doubts
it. The slave-holders themselves acknowledge it in the enactment of laws
for their government. They acknowledge it when they punish disobedience
on the part of the slave. There are seventy-two crimes in the State of
Virginia, which, if committed by a black man (no matter how ignorant he
be), subject him to the punishment of death; while only two of these same
crimes will subject a white man to like punishment.
What is this but the acknowledgment that the slave is a moral, intellectual,
and responsible being? The manhood of the slave is conceded. It is admitted
in the fact that Southern statute books are covered with enactments, forbidding,
under severe fines and penalties, the teaching of the slave to read and
write. When you can point to any such laws in reference to the beasts of
the field, then I may consent to argue the manhood of the slave. When the
dogs in your streets, when the fowls of the air, when the cattle on your
hills, when the fish of the sea, and the reptiles that crawl, shall be
unable to distinguish the slave from a brute, then I will argue with you
that the slave is a man!
For the present it is enough to affirm the equal manhood of the Negro
race. Is it not astonishing that, while we are plowing, planting, and reaping,
using all kinds of mechanical tools, erecting houses, constructing bridges,
building ships, working in metals of brass, iron, copper, silver, and gold;
that while we are reading, writing, and ciphering, acting as clerks, merchants,
and secretaries, having among us lawyers, doctors, ministers, poets, authors,
editors, orators, and teachers; that we are engaged in all the enterprises
common to other men -- digging gold in California, capturing the whale
in the Pacific, feeding sheep and cattle on the hillside, living, moving,
acting, thinking, planning, living in families as husbands, wives, and
children, and above all, confessing and worshipping the Christian God,
and looking hopefully for life and immortality beyond the grave -- we are
called upon to prove that we are men?
Would you have me argue that man is entitled to liberty? That he
is the rightful owner of his own body? You have already declared it. Must
I argue the wrongfulness of slavery? Is that a question for republicans?
Is it to be settled by the rules of logic and argumentation, as a matter
beset with great difficulty, involving a doubtful application of the principle
of justice, hard to understand? How should I look today in the presence
of Americans, dividing and subdividing a discourse, to show that men have
a natural right to freedom, speaking of it relatively and positively, negatively
and affirmatively? To do so would be to make myself ridiculous, and to
offer an insult to your understanding. There is not a man beneath the canopy
of heaven who does not know that slavery is wrong for him.
What! Am I to argue that it is wrong to make men brutes, to rob them
of their liberty, to work them without wages, to keep them ignorant of
their relations to their fellow men, to beat them with sticks, to flay
their flesh with the lash, to load their limbs with irons, to hunt them
with dogs, to sell them at auction, to sunder their families, to knock
out their teeth, to burn their flesh, to starve them into obedience and
submission to their masters? Must I argue that a system thus marked with
blood and stained with pollution is wrong? No - I will not. I have better
employment for my time and strength than such arguments would imply.
What, then, remains to be argued? Is it that slavery is not divine;
that God did not establish it; that our doctors of divinity are mistaken?
There is blasphemy in the thought. That which is inhuman cannot be divine.
Who can reason on such a proposition? They that can, may - I cannot. The
time for such argument is past.
At a time like this, scorching irony, not convincing argument, is
needed. Oh! had I the ability, and could I reach the nation's ear, I would
today pour out a fiery stream of biting ridicule, blasting reproach, withering
sarcasm, and stern rebuke. For it is not light that is needed, but fire;
it is not the gentle shower, but thunder. We need the storm, the whirlwind,
and the earthquake. The feeling of the nation must be quickened; the conscience
of the nation must be roused; the propriety of the nation must be startled;
the hypocrisy of the nation must be exposed; and its crimes against God
and man must be denounced.
What to the American slave is your Fourth of July? I answer, a day
that reveals to him more than all other days of the year, the gross injustice
and cruelty to which he is the constant victim. To him your celebration
is a sham; your boasted liberty an unholy license; your national greatness,
swelling vanity; your sounds of rejoicing are empty and heartless; your
shouts of liberty and equality, hollow mock; your prayers and hymns, your
sermons and thanksgivings, with all your religious parade and solemnity,
are to him mere bombast, fraud, deception, impiety, and hypocrisy - a thin
veil to cover up crimes which would disgrace a nation of savages. There
is not a nation of the earth guilty of practices more shocking and bloody
than are the people of these United States at this very hour.
Go search where you will, roam through all the monarchies and despotisms
of the Old World, travel through South America, search out every abuse
and when you have found the last, lay your facts by the side of the everyday
practices of this nation, and you will say with me that, for revolting
barbarity and shameless hypocrisy, America reigns without a rival.
Frederick Douglass - July 4, 1852

17. Edward VIII
          - Abdicates the throne of England (1936)
At long last I am able to say a few words of my own. I have never
wanted to withhold anything, but until now it has not been constitutionally
possible for me to speak.
A few hours ago I discharged my last duty as King and Emperor, and
now that I have been succeeded by my brother, the Duke of York, my first
words must be to declare my allegiance to him. This I do with all my heart.
You all know the reasons which have impelled me to renounce the throne.
But I want you to understand that in making up my mind I did not forget
the country or the empire, which, as Prince of Wales and lately as King,
I have for twenty-five years tried to serve.
But you must believe me when I tell you that I have found it impossible
to carry the heavy burden of responsibility and to discharge my duties
as King as I would wish to do without the help and support of the woman
I love.
And I want you to know that the decision I have made has been mine
and mine alone. This was a thing I had to judge entirely for myself. The
other person most nearly concerned has tried up to the last to persuade
me to take a different course.
I have made this, the most serious decision of my life, only upon
the single thought of what would, in the end, be best for all.
This decision has been made less difficult to me by the sure knowledge
that my brother, with his long training in the public affairs of this country
and with his fine qualities, will be able to take my place forthwith without
interruption or injury to the life and progress of the empire. And he has
one matchless blessing, enjoyed by so many of you, and not bestowed on
me -- a happy home with his wife and children.
During these hard days I have been comforted by her majesty my mother
and by my family. The ministers of the crown, and in particular, Mr. Baldwin,
the Prime Minister, have always treated me with full consideration. There
has never been any constitutional difference between me and them, and between
me and Parliament. Bred in the constitutional tradition by my father, I
should never have allowed any such issue to arise.
Ever since I was Prince of Wales, and later on when I occupied the
throne, I have been treated with the greatest kindness by all classes of
the people wherever I have lived or journeyed throughout the empire. For
that I am very grateful.
I now quit altogether public affairs and I lay down my burden. It
may be some time before I return to my native land, but I shall always
follow the fortunes of the British race and empire with profound interest,
and if at any time in the future I can be found of service to his majesty
in a private station, I shall not fail.
And now, we all have a new King. I wish him and you, his people,
happiness and prosperity with all my heart. God bless you all! God save
the King!
Edward VIII - December 11, 1936

18. Dwight D. Eisenhower
          - On the Military-Industrial Complex (1961)
This is the Farewell Address  delivered by President Eisenhower in January 1961, at the conclusion of a successful two-term presidency.
Prior to becoming President, Eisenhower had a long and distinguished military career. During World War II in Europe, he was Supreme Commander of the Allied Expeditionary Forces and commanded the forces involved in the D-Day invasion of northern Europe.
As the new President in 1953, he forged an armistice  to end the Korean War, which had begun  three years earlier during the presidency of Harry Truman.
As Commander-in-Chief throughout the 1950s, amid the ongoing Cold War between the U.S. and Soviet Russia,  Eisenhower oversaw a  permanent and ever-expanding military establishment designed to forestall any  aggression by Soviet Russia and   keep America a step ahead of the Russians in war technology.
Remarkably, in this speech, Eisenhower (the old soldier) argues that it is this new military-industrial complex that has the potential to undermine the very freedoms in America it was meant to protect.
President Eisenhower

19. Elizabeth
          I of England - Against the Spanish Armada (1588)
My loving people, we have been persuaded by some, that are careful
of our safety, to take heed how we commit ourselves to armed multitudes,
for fear of treachery; but I assure you, I do not desire to live to distrust
my faithful and loving people. Let tyrants fear; I have always so behaved
myself that, under God, I have placed my chiefest strength and safeguard
in the loyal hearts and good will of my subjects. And therefore I am
come amongst you at this time, not as for my recreation or sport, but
being resolved, in the midst and heat of the battle, to live or die amongst
you all; to lay down, for my God, and for my kingdom, and for my people,
my honor and my blood, even the dust. I know I have but the body of a weak
and feeble woman; but I have the heart of a king, and of a king of England,
too; and think foul scorn that Parma or Spain, or any prince of Europe,
should dare to invade the borders of my realms: to which, rather than any
dishonor should grow by me, I myself will take up arms; I myself will be
your general, judge, and rewarder of every one of your virtues in the field.
I know already, by your forwardness, that you have deserved rewards and
crowns; and we do assure you, on the word of a prince, they shall be duly
paid you. In the mean my lieutenant general shall be in my stead, than
whom never prince commanded a more noble and worthy subject; not doubting
by your obedience to my general, by your concord in the camp, and by your
valor in the field, we shall shortly have a famous victory over the enemies
of my God, of my kingdom, and of my people.
Queen Elizabeth I  - 1588

20. William Faulkner
          - On Accepting the Nobel Prize (1950)
I feel that this award was not made to me as a man, but to my work
-- life's work in the agony and sweat of the human spirit, not for glory
and least of all for profit, but to create out of the materials of the
human spirit something which did not exist before. So this award is only
mine in trust. It will not be difficult to find a dedication for the money
part of it commensurate with the purpose and significance of its origin.
But I would like to do the same with the acclaim too, by using this moment
as a pinnacle from which I might be listened to by the young men and women
already dedicated to the same anguish and travail, among whom is already
that one who will some day stand where I am standing.
Our tragedy today is a general and universal physical fear so long
sustained by now that we can even bear it. There are no longer problems
of the spirit. There is only the question: When will I be blown up? Because
of this, the young man or woman writing today has forgotten the problems
of the human heart in conflict with itself which alone can make good writing
because only that is worth writing about, worth the agony and the sweat.
He must learn them again. He must teach himself that the basest of
all things is to be afraid; and, teaching himself that, forget it forever,
leaving no room in his workshop for anything but the old verities and truths
of the heart, the universal truths lacking which any story is ephemeral
and doomed -- love and honor and pity and pride and compassion and sacrifice.
Until he does so, he labors under a curse. He writes not of love but of
lust, of defeats in which nobody loses anything of value, of victories
without hope and, worst of all, without pity or compassion. His griefs
grieve on no universal bones, leaving no scars. He writes not of the heart
but of the glands.
Until he learns these things, he will write as though he stood among
and watched the end of man. I decline to accept the end of man. It is easy
enough to say that man is immortal simply because he will endure: that
when the last ding-dong of doom has clanged and faded from the last worthless
rock hanging tideless in the last red and dying evening, that even then
there will still be one more sound: that of his puny inexhaustible voice,
still talking. I refuse to accept this. I believe that man will not merely
endure: he will prevail. He is immortal, not because he alone among creatures
has an inexhaustible voice, but because he has a soul, a spirit capable
of compassion and sacrifice and endurance. The poet's, the writer's, duty
is to write about these things. It is his privilege to help man endure
by lifting his heart, by reminding him of the courage and honor and hope
and pride and compassion and pity and sacrifice which have been the glory
of his past. The poet's voice need not merely be the record of man, it
can be one of the props, the pillars to help him endure and prevail.
William Faulkner - December 10, 1950

21. Gerald R.
          Ford - On Taking Office (1974)
Mr. Chief Justice, my dear friends, my fellow Americans:
The oath that I have taken is the same oath that was taken by George
Washington and by every President under the Constitution. But I assume
the Presidency under extraordinary circumstances never before experienced
by Americans. This is an hour of history that troubles our minds and hurts
our hearts.
Therefore, I feel it is my first duty to make an unprecedented compact
with my countrymen. Not an inaugural address, not a fireside chat, not
a campaign speech--just a little straight talk among friends. And I intend
it to be the first of many.
I am acutely aware that you have not elected me as your President
by your ballots, and so I ask you to confirm me as your President with
your prayers. And I hope that such prayers will also be the first of many.
If you have not chosen me by secret ballot, neither have I gained
office by any secret promises. I have not campaigned either for the Presidency
or the Vice Presidency. I have not subscribed to any partisan platform.
I am indebted to no man, and only to one woman--my dear wife--as I begin
this very difficult job.
I have not sought this enormous responsibility, but I will not shirk
it. Those who nominated and confirmed me as Vice President were my friends
and are my friends. They were of both parties, elected by all the people
and acting under the Constitution in their name. It is only fitting then
that I should pledge to them and to you that I will be the President of
all the people.
Thomas Jefferson said the people are the only sure reliance for the
preservation of our liberty. And down the years, Abraham Lincoln renewed
this American article of faith asking, "Is there any better way or
equal hope in the world?"
I intend, on Monday next, to request of the Speaker of the House
of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate the privilege
of appearing before the Congress to share with my former colleagues and
with you, the American people, my views on the priority business of the
Nation and to solicit your views and their views. And may I say to the
Speaker and the others, if I could meet with you right after these remarks,
I would appreciate it.
Even though this is late in an election year, there is no way we
can go forward except together and no way anybody can win except by serving
the people's urgent needs. We cannot stand still or slip backwards. We
must go forward now together.
To the peoples and the governments of all friendly nations, and I
hope that could encompass the whole world, I pledge an uninterrupted and
sincere search for peace. America will remain strong and united, but its
strength will remain dedicated to the safety and sanity of the entire family
of man, as well as to our own precious freedom.
I believe that truth is the glue that holds government together,
not only our Government but civilization itself. That bond, though strained,
is unbroken at home and abroad.
In all my public and private acts as your President, I expect to
follow my instincts of openness and candor with full confidence that honesty
is always the best policy in the end.
My fellow Americans, our long national nightmare is over.
Our Constitution works; our great Republic is a government of laws
and not of men. Here the people rule. But there is a higher Power, by whatever
name we honor Him, who ordains not only righteousness but love, not only
justice but mercy.
As we bind up the internal wounds of Watergate, more painful and
more poisonous than those of foreign wars, let us restore the golden rule
to our political process, and let brotherly love purge our hearts of suspicion
and of hate.
In the beginning, I asked you to pray for me. Before closing, I ask
again your prayers, for Richard Nixon and for his family. May our former
President, who brought peace to millions, find it for himself. May God
bless and comfort his wonderful wife and daughters, whose love and loyalty
will forever be a shining legacy to all who bear the lonely burdens of
the White House.
I can only guess at those burdens, although I have witnessed at close
hand the tragedies that befell three Presidents and the lesser trials of
others.
With all the strength and all the good sense I have gained from life,
with all the confidence my family, my friends, and my dedicated staff impart
to me, and with the good will of countless Americans I have encountered
in recent visits to 40 States, I now solemnly reaffirm my promise I made
to you last December 6: to uphold the Constitution, to do what is right
as God gives me to see the right, and to do the very best I can for America.
God helping me, I will not let you down. Thank you.
President Gerald R. Ford - August 9, 1974

22. Gerald R. Ford
          - Pardoning Richard Nixon (1974)
Ladies and gentlemen:
I have come to a decision which I felt I should tell you and all
of my fellow American citizens, as soon as I was certain in my own mind
and in my own conscience that it is the right thing to do.
I have learned already in this office that the difficult decisions
always come to this desk. I must admit that many of them do not look at
all the same as the hypothetical questions that I have answered freely
and perhaps too fast on previous occasions.
My customary policy is to try and get all the facts and to consider
the opinions of my countrymen and to take counsel with my most valued friends.
But these seldom agree, and in the end, the decision is mine. To procrastinate,
to agonize, and to wait for a more favorable turn of events that may never
come or more compelling external pressures that may as well be wrong as
right, is itself a decision of sorts and a weak and potentially dangerous
course for a President to follow.
I have promised to uphold the Constitution, to do what is right as
God gives me to see the right, and to do the very best that I can for America.
I have asked your help and your prayers, not only when I became President
but many times since. The Constitution is the supreme law of our land and
it governs our actions as citizens. Only the laws of God, which govern
our consciences, are superior to it.
As we are a nation under God, so I am sworn to uphold our laws with
the help of God. And I have sought such guidance and searched my own conscience
with special diligence to determine the right thing for me to do with respect
to my predecessor in this place, Richard Nixon, and his loyal wife and
family.
Theirs is an American tragedy in which we all have played a part.
It could go on and on and on, or someone must write the end to it. I have
concluded that only I can do that, and if I can, I must.
There are no historic or legal precedents to which I can turn in
this matter, none that precisely fit the circumstances of a private citizen
who has resigned the Presidency of the United States. But it is common
knowledge that serious allegations and accusations hang like a sword over
our former President's head, threatening his health as he tries to reshape
his life, a great part of which was spent in the service of this country
and by the mandate of its people.
After years of bitter controversy and divisive national debate, I
have been advised, and I am compelled to conclude that many months and
perhaps more years will have to pass before Richard Nixon could obtain
a fair trial by jury in any jurisdiction of the United States under governing
decisions of the Supreme Court.
I deeply believe in equal justice for all Americans, whatever their
station or former station. The law, whether human or divine, is no respecter
of persons; but the law is a respecter of reality.
The facts, as I see them, are that a former President of the United
States, instead of enjoying equal treatment with any other citizen accused
of violating the law, would be cruelly and excessively penalized either
in preserving the presumption of his innocence or in obtaining a speedy
determination of his guilt in order to repay a legal debt to society.
During this long period of delay and potential litigation, ugly passions
would again be aroused. And our people would again be polarized in their
opinions. And the credibility of our free institutions of government would
again be challenged at home and abroad.
In the end, the courts might well hold that Richard Nixon had been
denied due process, and the verdict of history would even be more inconclusive
with respect to those charges arising out of the period of his Presidency,
of which I am presently aware.
But it is not the ultimate fate of Richard Nixon that most concerns
me, though surely it deeply troubles every decent and every compassionate
person. My concern is the immediate future of this great country.
In this, I dare not depend upon my personal sympathy as a longtime
friend of the former President, nor my professional judgment as a lawyer,
and I do not.
As President, my primary concern must always be the greatest good
of all the people of the United States whose servant I am. As a man, my
first consideration is to be true to my own convictions and my own conscience.
My conscience tells me clearly and certainly that I cannot prolong
the bad dreams that continue to reopen a chapter that is closed. My conscience
tells me that only I, as President, have the constitutional power to firmly
shut and seal this book. My conscience tells me it is my duty, not merely
to proclaim domestic tranquility but to use every means that I have to
insure it. I do believe that the buck stops here, that I cannot rely upon
public opinion polls to tell me what is right. I do believe that right
makes might and that if I am wrong, ten angels swearing I was right would
make no difference. I do believe, with all my heart and mind and spirit,
that I, not as President but as a humble servant of God, will receive justice
without mercy if I fail to show mercy.
Finally, I feel that Richard Nixon and his loved ones have suffered
enough and will continue to suffer, no matter what I do, no matter what
we, as a great and good nation, can do together to make his goal of peace
come true.
Now, therefore, I, Gerald R. Ford, President of the United States,
pursuant to the pardon power conferred upon me by Article II, Section 2,
of the Constitution, have granted and by these presents do grant a full,
free, and absolute pardon unto Richard Nixon for all offenses against the
United States which he, Richard Nixon, has committed or may have committed
or taken part in during the period from July (January) 20, 1969, through
August 9, 1974.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand this eighth day of
September, in the year of our Lord nineteen hundred and seventy-four, and
of the Independence of the United States of America the one hundred and
ninety-ninth.
President Gerald R. Ford - September 8, 1974

23. Gerald
          R. Ford - "A War That is Finished" (1975)
Each time that I have been privileged to visit Tulane, I have come away
newly impressed with the intense application of the student body to the great
issues of our time, and I am pleased tonight to observe that your interest
hasn't changed one bit.
As we came into the building tonight, I passed a student who looked up
from his book and said, "A journey of a thousand miles begins but with a single
step." To indicate my interest in him, I asked, "Are you trying to figure
out how to get your goal in life?" He said, "No, I am trying to figure out
how to get to the Super Dome in September."
[Laughter]
Well, I don't
think there is any doubt in my mind that all of you will get to the Super
Dome. Of course, I hope it is to see the Green Wave [Tulane University] have
their very best season on the gridiron. I have sort of a feeling that you
wouldn't mind making this another year in which you put the Tigers [Louisiana
State University] in your tank.
When I had the privilege of speaking here in 1968 at your "Directions
'68" forum, I had no idea that my own career and our entire Nation would move
so soon in another direction. And I say again, I am extremely proud to be
invited back.
I am impressed, as I undoubtedly said before -- but I would reiterate
it tonight -- by Tulane's unique distinction as the only American university
to be converted from State sponsorship to private status. And I am also impressed
by the Tulane graduates who serve in the United States Congress: Bennett Johnston,
Lindy Boggs, Dave Treen.
Eddie Hebert, when I asked him the question whether he was or not, and
he said he got a special degree: Dropout '28.
[Laughter]
But I think the fact that you have these three outstanding graduates testifies
to the academic excellence and the inspiration of this historic university,
rooted in the past with its eyes on the future.
Just as Tulane has made a great transition from the past to the future,
so has New Orleans, the legendary city that has made such a unique contribution
to our great America. New Orleans is more, as I see it, than weathered bricks
and cast-iron balconies. It is a state of mind, a melting pot that represents
the very, very best of America's evolution, an example of retention of a very
special culture in a progressive environment of modern change.
On January 8, 1815, a monumental American victory was achieved here --
the Battle of New Orleans. Louisiana had been a State for less than three
years, but outnumbered Americans innovated, outnumbered Americans used the
tactics of the frontier to defeat a veteran British force trained in the strategy
of the Napoleonic wars.
We as a nation had suffered humiliation and a measure of defeat in the
War of 1812. Our National Capital in Washington had been captured and burned.
So, the illustrious victory in the Battle of New Orleans was a powerful restorative
to our national pride.
Yet, the victory at New Orleans actually took place two weeks after the
signing of the armistice in Europe. Thousands died although a peace had been
negotiated. The combatants had not gotten the word. Yet, the epic struggle
nevertheless restored America's pride.
Today, America can regain the sense of pride that existed before Vietnam.
But it cannot be achieved by refighting a war that is finished as far as America
is concerned. As I see it, the time has come to look forward to an agenda
for the future, to unify, to bind up the Nation's wounds, and to restore its
health and its optimistic self-confidence.
In New Orleans, a great battle was fought after a war was over. In New
Orleans tonight, we can begin a great national reconciliation. The first engagement
must be with the problems of today, but just as importantly, the problems
of the future. That is why I think it is so appropriate that I find myself
tonight at a university which addresses itself to preparing young people for
the challenge of tomorrow.
I ask that we stop refighting the battles and the recriminations of the
past. I ask that we look now at what is right with America, at our possibilities
and our potentialities for change and growth and achievement and sharing.
I ask that we accept the responsibilities of leadership as a good neighbor
to all peoples and the enemy of none. I ask that we strive to become, in the
finest American tradition, something more tomorrow than we are today.
Instead of my addressing the image of America, I prefer to consider the
reality of America. It is true that we have launched our Bicentennial celebration
without having achieved human perfection, but we have attained a very remarkable
self-governed society that possesses the flexibility and the dynamism to grow
and undertake an entirely new agenda, an agenda for America's third century.
So, I ask you to join me in helping to write that agenda. I am as determined
as a President can be to seek national rediscovery of the belief in ourselves
that characterized the most creative periods in our Nation's history. The
greatest challenge of creativity, as I see it, lies ahead.
We, of course, are saddened indeed by the events in Indochina. But these
events, tragic as they are, portend neither the end of the world nor of America's
leadership in the world.
Let me put it this way, if I might. Some tend to feel that if we do not
succeed in everything everywhere, then we have succeeded in nothing anywhere.
I reject categorically such polarized thinking. We can and we should help
others to help themselves. But the fate of responsible men and women everywhere,
in the final decision, rests in their own hands, not in ours.
America's future depends upon Americans -- especially your generation,
which is now equipping itself to assume the challenges of the future, to help
write the agenda for America.
Earlier today, in this great community, I spoke about the need to maintain
our defenses. Tonight, I would like to talk about another kind of strength,
the true source of American power that transcends all of the deterrent powers
for peace of our Armed Forces. I am speaking here of our belief in ourselves
and our belief in our Nation.
Abraham Lincoln asked, in his own words, and I quote, "What constitutes
the bulwark of our own liberty and independence?" And he answered, "It is
not our frowning battlements or bristling seacoasts, our Army or our Navy.
Our defense is in the spirit which prized liberty as the heritage of all men,
in all lands everywhere."
It is in this spirit that we must now move beyond the discords of the
past decade. It is in this spirit that I ask you to join me in writing an
agenda for the future.
I welcome your invitation particularly tonight, because I know it is at
Tulane and other centers of thought throughout our great country that much
consideration is being given to the kind of future Americans want and, just
as importantly, will work for. Each of you are preparing yourselves for the
future, and I am deeply interested in your preparations and your opinions
and your goals. However, tonight, with your indulgence, let me share with
you my own views.
I envision a creative program that goes as far as our courage and our
capacities can take us, both at home and abroad. My goal is for a cooperative
world at peace, using its resources to build, not to destroy.
As President, I am determined to offer leadership to overcome our current
economic problems. My goal is for jobs for all who want to work and economic
opportunity for all who want to achieve.
I am determined to seek self-sufficiency in energy as an urgent national
priority. My goal is to make America independent of foreign energy sources
by 1985.
Of course, I will pursue interdependence with other nations and a reformed
international economic system. My goal is for a world in which consuming and
producing nations achieve a working balance.
I will address the humanitarian issues of hunger and famine, of health
and of healing. My goal is to achieve -- or to assure basic needs and an effective
system to achieve this result.
I recognize the need for technology that enriches life while preserving
our natural environment. My goal is to stimulate productivity, but use technology
to redeem, not to destroy our environment.
I will strive for new cooperation rather than conflict in the peaceful
exploration of our oceans and our space. My goal is to use resources for peaceful
progress rather than war and destruction.
Let America symbolize humanity's struggle to conquer nature and master
technology. The time has now come for our Government to facilitate the individual's
control over his or her future -- and of the future of America.
But the future requires more than Americans congratulating themselves
on how much we know and how many products that we can produce. It requires
new knowledge to meet new problems. We must not only be motivated to build
a better America, we must know how to do it.
If we really want a humane America that will, for instance, contribute
to the alleviation of the world's hunger, we must realize that good intentions
do not feed people. Some problems, as anyone who served in the Congress knows,
are complex. There arc no easy answers. Willpower alone does not grow food.
We thought, in a well-intentioned past, that we could export our technology
lock, stock, and barrel to developing nations. We did it with the best of
intentions. But we are now learning that a strain of rice that grows in one
place will not grow in another; that factories that produce at 100 percent
in one nation produce less than half as much in a society where temperaments
and work habits are somewhat different.
Yet, the world economy has become interdependent. Not only food technology
but money management, natural resources and energy, research and development
-- all kinds of this group require an organized world society that makes the
maximum effective use of the world's resources.
I want to tell the world: Let's grow food together, but let's also learn
more about nutrition, about weather forecasting, about irrigation, about the
many other specialties involved in helping people to help themselves.
We must learn more about people, about the development of communities,
architecture, engineering, education, motivation, productivity, public health
and medicine, arts and sciences, political, legal, and social organization.
All of these specialities and many, many more are required if young people
like you are to help this Nation develop an agenda for our future -- your
future, our country's future.
I challenge, for example, the medical students in this audience to put
on their agenda the achievement of a cure for cancer. I challenge the engineers
in this audience to devise new techniques for developing cheap, clean, and
plentiful energy, and as a byproduct, to control floods. I challenge the law
students in this audience to find ways to speed the administration of equal
justice and make good citizens out of convicted criminals. I challenge education,
those of you as education majors, to do real teaching for real life. I challenge
the arts majors in this audience to compose the great American symphony, to
write the great American novel, and to enrich and inspire our daily lives.
America's leadership is essential. America's resources are vast. America's
opportunities are unprecedented.
As we strive together to prefect a new agenda, I put high on the list
of important points the maintenance of alliances and partnerships with other
people and other nations. These do provide a basis of shared values, even
as we stand up with determination for what we believe. This, of course, requires
a continuing commitment to peace and a determination to use our good offices
wherever possible to promote better relations between nations of this world.
The new agenda, that which is developed by you and by us, must place a
high priority on the need to stop the spread of nuclear weapons and to work
for the mutual reduction in strategic arms and control of other weapons. And
I must say, parenthetically, the successful negotiations at Vladivostok, in
my opinion, are just a beginning.
Your generation of Americans is uniquely endowed by history to give new
meaning to the pride and spirit of America. The magnetism of an American society,
confident of its own strength, will attract the good will and the esteem of
all people wherever they might be in this globe in which we live. It will
enhance our own perception of ourselves and our pride in being an American.
We can, we -- and
I say it with emphasis -- write a new agenda for
our future.
I am glad that Tulane University and other great American educational
institutions are reaching out to others in programs to work with developing
nations, and I look forward with confidence to your participation in every
aspect of America's future.
And I urge Americans of all ages to unite in this Bicentennial year, to
take responsibility for themselves as our ancestors did. Let us resolve tonight
to rediscover the old virtues of confidence and self-reliance and capability
that characterized our forefathers two centuries ago. I pledge, as I know
you do, each one of us, to do our part.
Let the beacon light of the past shine forth from historic New Orleans
and from Tulane University and from every other corner of this land to illuminate
a boundless future for all Americans and a peace for all mankind.
Thank you very much.
President Gerald R. Ford - April 23, 1975

24. St. Francis
          of Assisi - Sermon to the Birds (1220)
My little sisters, the birds, much bounden are ye unto God, your
Creator, and always in every place ought ye to praise Him, for that He
hath given you liberty to fly about everywhere, and hath also given you
double and triple raiment; moreover He preserved your seed in the ark
of Noah, that your race might not perish out of the world; still more are
ye beholden to Him for the element of the air which He hath appointed for
you; beyond all this, ye sow not, neither do you reap; and God feedeth
you, and giveth you the streams and fountains for your drink; the mountains
and valleys for your refuge and the high trees whereon to make your nests;
and because ye know not how to spin or sow, God clotheth you, you and your
children; wherefore your Creator loveth you much, seeing that He hath bestowed on you so many benefits; and therefore, my little sisters, beware of the sin of ingratitude, and study always to give praises unto God.
Saint Francis of Assisi - c1220

25. Cardinal Clemens
          von Galen - Against Nazi Euthanasia (1941)
This is an excerpt of the sermon by Catholic Cardinal Clemens von Galen,
delivered on Sunday, August 3, 1941, in Mnster Cathedral, in which
he risked his life by openly condemning the Nazi euthanasia program.
Code named "Aktion T4," the Nazi program to eliminate "life
unworthy of life" began on Hitler's order in October 1939. The
program at first focused on newborns and very young children. Midwives
and doctors were required to register children up to age three that showed
symptoms of mental retardation, physical deformity, or other symptoms included
on a questionnaire from the Reich Health Ministry.
A decision on whether to allow the child to live was then made by three
medical experts solely on the basis of the questionnaire, without any examination
and without reading any medical records.
Each expert placed a
+
mark in red
pencil or

mark in blue pencil under the
term "treatment" on a special form. A red plus mark meant a decision
to kill the child. A blue minus sign meant meant a decision against killing.
Three
+++
symbols resulted in a euthanasia
warrant being issued and the transfer of the child to a 'Children's Specialty
Department' for death by injection or gradual starvation.
The decision had to be unanimous. In cases where the decision was not
unanimous the child was kept under observation and another attempt would
be made to get a unanimous decision.
The Nazi euthanasia program soon expanded to include older disabled
children and adults. Hitler granted "the authority of certain physicians
to be designated by name in such manner, that persons who, according to
human judgment, are incurable, can, upon a most careful diagnosis of their
condition of sickness, be accorded a mercy death."
Questionnaires were then distributed to mental institutions, hospitals
and other institutions caring for the chronically ill. A total of six killing
centers were established including the well-known psychiatric clinic at
Hadamar. The euthanasia program was eventually headed by an SS officer named
Christian Wirth, a notorious brute with the nickname 'the Savage Christian.'
At Brandenburg, a former prison was converted into a killing center
where the first experimental gassings took place. The gas chambers were
disguised as shower rooms, but were actually hermetically sealed chambers
connected by pipes to cylinders of carbon monoxide. Each killing center
also had a crematorium where the bodies were taken for disposal. Families
were then falsely informed the cause of death was medical such as heart failure
or pneumonia.

26. Giuseppe
          Garibaldi - Encourages His Soldiers (1860)
We must now consider the period which is just drawing to a close
as almost the last stage of our national resurrection, and prepare ourselves
to finish worthily the marvelous design of the elect of twenty generations,
the completion of which Providence has reserved for this fortunate age.
Yes, young men, Italy owes to you an undertaking which has merited
the applause of the universe. You have conquered and you will conquer still,
because you are prepared for the tactics that decide the fate of battles.
You are not unworthy of the men who entered the ranks of a Macedonian phalanx,
and who contended not in vain with the proud conquerors of Asia. To this
wonderful page in our country's history another more glorious still will
be added, and the slave shall show at last to his free brothers a sharpened
sword forged from the links of his fetters.
To arms, then, all of you! all of you! And the oppressors and the
mighty shall disappear like dust. You, too, women, cast away all the cowards
from your embraces; they will give you only cowards for children, and you
who are the daughters of the land of beauty must bear children who are
noble and brave. Let timid doctrinaires depart from among us to carry their
servility and their miserable fears elsewhere. This people is its own master.
It wishes to be the brother of other peoples, but to look on the insolent
with a proud glance, not to grovel before them imploring its own freedom.
It will no longer follow in the trail of men whose hearts are foul. No!
No! No!
Providence has presented Italy with Victor Emmanuel. Every Italian
should rally round him. By the side of Victor Emmanuel every quarrel should
be forgotten, all rancor depart. Once more I repeat my battle-cry: "To
arms, all-all of you!" If March, 1861, does not find one million of
Italians in arms, then alas for liberty, alas for the life of Italy. Ah,
no, far be from me a thought which I loathe like poison. March of 1861,
or if need be February, will find us all at our post-Italians of Calatafimi,
Palermo, Ancona, the Volturno, Castelfidardo, and Isernia, and with us
every man of this land who is not a coward or a slave. Let all of us rally
round the glorious hero of Palestro and give the last blow to the crumbling
edifice of tyranny. Receive, then, my gallant young volunteers, at the
honored conclusion of ten battles, one word of farewell from me.
I utter this word with deepest affection and from the very bottom
of my heart. Today I am obliged to retire, but for a few days only. The
hour of battle will find me with you again, by the side of the champions
of Italian liberty. Let those only return to their homes who are called
by the imperative duties which they owe to their families, and those who
by their glorious wounds have deserved the credit of their country. These,
indeed, will serve Italy in their homes by their counsel, by the very aspect
of the scars which adorn their youthful brows. Apart from these, let all
others remain to guard our glorious banners. We shall meet again before
long to march together to the redemption of our brothers who are still
slaves of the stranger. We shall meet again before long to march to new
triumphs.
Giuseppe Garibaldi - 1860

27. William Lloyd
          Garrison - On the Death of John Brown (1859)
God forbid that we should any longer continue the accomplices of
thieves and robbers, of men-stealers and women-whippers! We must join together
in the name of freedom.
As for the Union--where is it and what is it?
In one-half of it no man can exercise freedom of speech or the press--no
man can utter the words of Washington, of Jefferson, of Patrick Henry--except
at the peril of his life; and Northern men are everywhere hunted and driven
from the South if they are supposed to cherish the sentiment of freedom
in their bosoms.
We are living under an awful despotism--that of a brutal slave oligarchy.
And they threaten to leave us if we do not continue to do their evil work,
as we have hitherto done it, and go down in the dust before them!
Would to heaven they would go! It would only be the paupers clearing
out from the town, would it not? But, no, they do not mean to go; they
mean to cling to you, and they mean to subdue you. But will you be subdued?
I tell you our work is the dissolution of this slavery-cursed Union,
if we would have a fragment of our liberties left to us! Surely between
freemen, who believe in exact justice and impartial liberty, and slaveholders,
who are for cleaning down all human rights at a blow, it is not possible
there should be any Union whatever. "How can two walk together except
they be agreed?"
The slaveholder with his hands dripping in blood--will I make a compact
with him? The man who plunders cradles--will I say to him, "Brother,
let us walk together in unity?" The man who, to gratify his lust or
his anger, scourges woman with the lash till the soil is red with her blood--will
I say to him: "Give me your hand; let us form a glorious Union?"
No, never--never! There can be no union between us: "What concord
hath Christ with Belial?" What union has freedom with slavery? Let
us tell the inexorable and remorseless tyrants of the South that their
conditions hitherto imposed upon us, whereby we are morally responsible
for the existence of slavery, are horribly inhuman and wicked, and we cannot
carry them out for the sake of their evil company.
By the dissolution of the Union we shall give the finishing blow
to the slave system; and then God will make it possible for us to form
a true, vital, enduring, all-embracing Union, from the Atlantic to the
Pacific--one God to be worshipped, one Saviour to be revered, one policy
to be carried out--freedom everywhere to all the people, without regard
to complexion or race--and the blessing of God resting upon us all! I want
to see that glorious day!
Now the South is full of tribulation and terror and despair, going
down to irretrievable bankruptcy, and fearing each bush an officer! Would
to God it might all pass away like a hideous dream! And how easily it might
be!
What is it that God requires of the South to remove every root of
bitterness, to allay every fear, to fill her borders with prosperity? But
one simple act of justice, without violence and convulsion, without danger
and hazard. It is this: "Undo the heavy burdens, break every yoke,
and let the oppressed go free!" Then shall thy light break forth as
the morning, and thy darkness shall be as the noonday. Then shalt thou
call and the Lord shall answer; thou shalt cry, and he shall say: "Here
I am."
"And they that shall be of thee shall build the old waste places;
thou shalt raise up the foundations of many generations; and thou shalt
be called the repairer of the breach, the restorer of paths to dwell in."
How simple and how glorious! It is the complete solution of all the
difficulties in the case. Oh, that the South may be wise before it is too
late, and give heed to the word of the Lord! But, whether she will hear
or forbear, let us renew our pledges to the cause of bleeding humanity,
and spare no effort to make this truly the land of the free and the refuge
of the oppressed!
"Onward, then, ye fearless band,
Heart to heart, and hand to hand;
Yours shall be the Christian's stand,
Or the martyr's grave."
William Lloyd Garrison - December 2, 1859

28. Lou Gehrig -
          Farewell to Yankee Fans (1939)
Fans, for the past two weeks you have been reading about a bad break
I got. Yet today I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the
earth. I have been in ballparks for seventeen years and have never received
anything but kindness and encouragement from you fans.
Look at these grand men. Which of you wouldn't consider it the highlight
of his career to associate with them for even one day?
Sure, I'm lucky. Who wouldn't consider it an honor to have known
Jacob Ruppert - also the builder of baseball's greatest empire, Ed Barrow
- to have spent the next nine years with that wonderful little fellow Miller
Huggins - then to have spent the next nine years with that outstanding
leader, that smart student of psychology - the best manager in baseball
today, Joe McCarthy!
Sure, I'm lucky. When the New York Giants, a team you would give
your right arm to beat, and vice versa, sends you a gift, that's something!
When everybody down to the groundskeepers and those boys in white coats
remember you with trophies, that's something.
When you have a wonderful mother-in-law who takes sides with you
in squabbles against her own daughter, that's something. When you have
a father and mother who work all their lives so that you can have an education
and build your body, it's a blessing! When you have a wife who has been
a tower of strength and shown more courage than you dreamed existed, that's
the finest I know.
So I close in saying that I might have had a tough break - but I
have an awful lot to live for!
Lou Gehrig - July 4, 1939

29. Richard Gephardt
          - "Life Imitates Farce" (1998)
Mr. Speaker and members of the House, I stood on this floor yesterday
and implored all of us to say that the politics of slash-and-burn must
end. I implored all of you that we must turn away from the politics of
personal destruction and return to the politics of values.
It is with that same passion that I say to all of you today that
the gentleman from Louisiana, Bob Livingston, is a worthy and good and
honorable man.
I believe his decision to retire is a terrible capitulation to the
negative forces that are consuming our political system and our country.
And I pray with all my heart that he will reconsider this decision.
Our founding fathers created a system of government of men, not of
angels. No one standing in this House today can pass a Puritanical test
of purity that some are demanding that our elected leaders take.
If we demand that mere mortals live up to this standard, we will
see our seats of government lay empty, and we will see the best, most able
people unfairly cast out of public service.
We need to stop destroying imperfect people at the altar of an unobtainable
morality.
We need to start living up to the standards which the public, in
its infinite wisdom, understands that imperfect people must strive towards,
but too often fall short.
We are now rapidly descending into a politics where life imitates
farce. Fratricide dominates our public debate and America is held hostage
to tactics of smear and fear.
Let all of us here today say no to resignation, no to impeachment,
no to hatred, no to intolerance of each other, and no to vicious self-righteousness.
We need to start healing. We need to start binding up our wounds.
We need to end this downward spiral which will culminate in the death of
representative democracy.
I believe this healing can start today by changing the course we've
begun.
This is exactly why we need this today to be bipartisan. This is
why we ask the opportunity to vote on a bipartisan censure resolution,
to begin the process of healing our nation and healing our people.
We are on the brink of the abyss. The only way we stop this insanity
is through the force of our own will.
The only way we stop this spiral is for all of us to finally say
-- enough.
Let us step back from the abyss and let's begin a new politics of
respect and fairness and decency which raises what has come before.
May God have mercy on this Congress and may Congress have the wisdom
and the courage and the goodness to save itself today.
Richard Gephardt - December 19, 1998

30. Al Gore
          - Concedes the 2000 Election (2000)
Good evening.
Just moments ago, I spoke with George W. Bush and congratulated him on
becoming the 43rd President of the United States, and I promised him that
I wouldn't call him back this time.
I offered to meet with him as soon as possible so that we can start to
heal the divisions of the campaign and the contest through which we just
passed.
Almost a century and a half ago, Senator Stephen Douglas told Abraham Lincoln,
who had just defeated him for the presidency, "Partisan feeling must
yield to patriotism. I'm with you, Mr. President, and God bless you."
Well, in that same spirit, I say to President-elect Bush that what remains
of partisan rancor must now be put aside, and may God bless his stewardship
of this country.
Neither he nor I anticipated this long and difficult road. Certainly neither
of us wanted it to happen. Yet it came, and now it has ended, resolved,
as it must be resolved, through the honored institutions of our democracy.
Over the library of one of our great law schools is inscribed the motto,
"Not under man but under God and law." That's the ruling principle
of American freedom, the source of our democratic liberties. I've tried
to make it my guide throughout this contest as it has guided America's
deliberations of all the complex issues of the past five weeks.
Now the U.S. Supreme Court has spoken. Let there be no doubt, while I strongly
disagree with the court's decision, I accept it. I accept the finality
of this outcome which will be ratified next Monday in the Electoral College.
And tonight, for the sake of our unity of the people and the strength of
our democracy, I offer my concession.
I also accept my responsibility, which I will discharge unconditionally,
to honor the new president elect and do everything possible to help him
bring Americans together in fulfillment of the great vision that our Declaration
of Independence defines and that our Constitution affirms and defends.
Let me say how grateful I am to all those who supported me and supported
the cause for which we have fought. Tipper and I feel a deep gratitude
to Joe and Hadassah Lieberman who brought passion and high purpose to our
partnership and opened new doors, not just for our campaign but for our
country.
This has been an extraordinary election. But in one of God's unforeseen
paths, this belatedly broken impasse can point us all to a new common ground,
for its very closeness can serve to remind us that we are one people with
a shared history and a shared destiny.
Indeed, that history gives us many examples of contests as hotly debated,
as fiercely fought, with their own challenges to the popular will.
Other disputes have dragged on for weeks before reaching resolution. And
each time, both the victor and the vanquished have accepted the result
peacefully and in the spirit of reconciliation.
So let it be with us.
I know that many of my supporters are disappointed. I am too. But our disappointment
must be overcome by our love of country.
And I say to our fellow members of the world community, let no one see
this contest as a sign of American weakness. The strength of American democracy
is shown most clearly through the difficulties it can overcome.
Some have expressed concern that the unusual nature of this election might
hamper the next president in the conduct of his office. I do not believe
it need be so.
President-elect Bush inherits a nation whose citizens will be ready to
assist him in the conduct of his large responsibilities.
I personally will be at his disposal, and I call on all Americans -- I
particularly urge all who stood with us to unite behind our next president.
This is America. Just as we fight hard when the stakes are high, we close
ranks and come together when the contest is done.
And while there will be time enough to debate our continuing differences,
now is the time to recognize that that which unites us is greater than
that which divides us.
While we yet hold and do not yield our opposing beliefs, there is a higher
duty than the one we owe to political party. This is America and we put
country before party. We will stand together behind our new president.
As for what I'll do next, I don't know the answer to that one yet. Like
many of you, I'm looking forward to spending the holidays with family and
old friends. I know I'll spend time in Tennessee and mend some fences,
literally and figuratively.
Some have asked whether I have any regrets and I do have one regret: that
I didn't get the chance to stay and fight for the American people over
the next four years, especially for those who need burdens lifted and barriers
removed, especially for those who feel their voices have not been heard.
I heard you and I will not forget.
I've seen America in this campaign and I like what I see. It's worth fighting
for and that's a fight I'll never stop.
As for the battle that ends tonight, I do believe as my father once said,
that no matter how hard the loss, defeat might serve as well as victory
to shape the soul and let the glory out.
So for me this campaign ends as it began: with the love of Tipper and our
family; with faith in God and in the country I have been so proud to serve,
from Vietnam to the vice presidency; and with gratitude to our truly tireless
campaign staff and volunteers, including all those who worked so hard in
Florida for the last 36 days.
Now the political struggle is over and we turn again to the unending struggle
for the common good of all Americans and for those multitudes around the
world who look to us for leadership in the cause of freedom.
In the words of our great hymn, "America, America": "Let
us crown thy good with brotherhood, from sea to shining sea."
And now, my friends, in a phrase I once addressed to others, it's time
for me to go.
Thank you and good night, and God bless America.
Al Gore - December 13, 2000

31. Patrick Henry
          - Liberty or Death (1775)
No man thinks more highly than I do of the patriotism, as well as
abilities, of the very worthy gentlemen who have just addressed the House.
But different men often see the same subject in different lights; and,
therefore, I hope that it will not be thought disrespectful to those gentlemen,
if, entertaining as I do opinions of a character very opposite to theirs,
I shall speak forth my sentiments freely and without reserve.
This is no time for ceremony. The question before the House is one
of awful moment to this country. For my own part I consider it as nothing
less than a question of freedom or slavery; and in proportion to the magnitude
of the subject ought to be the freedom of the debate. It is only in this
way that we can hope to arrive at truth, and fulfill the great responsibility
which we hold to God and our country. Should I keep back my opinions at
such a time, through fear of giving offense, I should consider myself as
guilty of treason towards my country, and of an act of disloyalty towards
the majesty of heaven, which I revere above all earthly kings.
Mr. President, it is natural to man to indulge in the illusions of
hope. We are apt to shut our eyes against a painful truth, and listen to
the song of that siren, till she transforms us into beasts. Is this the
part of wise men, engaged in a great and arduous struggle for liberty?
Are we disposed to be of the number of those who, having eyes, see not,
and having ears, hear not, the things which so nearly concern their temporal
salvation?
For my part, whatever anguish of spirit it may cost, I am willing
to know the whole truth -- to know the worst and to provide for it. I have
but one lamp by which my feet are guided; and that is the lamp of experience.
I know of no way of judging of the future but by the past. And judging
by the past, I wish to know what there has been in the conduct of the British
ministry for the last ten years, to justify those hopes with which gentlemen
have been pleased to solace themselves and the House?
Is it that insidious smile with which our petition has been lately
received? Trust it not, sir; it will prove a snare to your feet. Suffer
not yourselves to be betrayed with a kiss. Ask yourselves how this gracious
reception of our petition comports with these warlike preparations which
cover our waters and darken our land. Are fleets and armies necessary to
a work of love and reconciliation? Have we shown ourselves so unwilling
to be reconciled that force must be called in to win back our love? Let
us not deceive ourselves, sir. These are the implements of war and subjugation
-- the last arguments to which kings resort. I ask gentlemen, sir, what
means this martial array, if its purpose be not to force us to submission?
Can gentlemen assign any other possible motives for it? Has Great Britain
any enemy, in this quarter of the world, to call for all this accumulation
of navies and armies?
No, sir, she has none. They are meant for us; they can be meant for
no other. They are sent over to bind and rivet upon us those chains which
the British ministry have been so long forging. And what have we to oppose
to them? Shall we try argument? Sir, we have been trying that for the last
ten years. Have we anything new to offer on the subject? Nothing.
We have held the subject up in every light of which it is capable;
but it has been all in vain. Shall we resort to entreaty and humble supplication?
What terms shall we find which have not been already exhausted? Let us
not, I beseech you, sir, deceive ourselves longer.
Sir, we have done everything that could be done to avert the storm
which is now coming on. We have petitioned; we have remonstrated; we have
supplicated; we have prostrated ourselves before the throne, and have implored
its interposition to arrest the tyrannical hands of the ministry and Parliament.
Our petitions have been slighted; our remonstrances have produced
additional violence and insult; our supplications have been disregarded;
and we have been spurned, with contempt, from the foot of the throne. In
vain, after these things, may we indulge the fond hope of peace and reconciliation.
There is no longer any room for hope.
If we wish to be free -- if we mean to preserve inviolate those inestimable
privileges for which we have been so long contending -- if we mean not
basely to abandon the noble struggle in which we have been so long engaged,
and which we have pledged ourselves never to abandon until the glorious
object of our contest shall be obtained, we must fight! I repeat it, sir,
we must fight! An appeal to arms and to the God of Hosts is all that is
left us!
They tell us, sir, that we are weak -- unable to cope with so formidable
an adversary. But when shall we be stronger? Will it be the next week,
or the next year? Will it be when we are totally disarmed, and when a British
guard shall be stationed in every house? Shall we gather strength by irresolution
and inaction? Shall we acquire the means of effectual resistance, by lying
supinely on our backs, and hugging the delusive phantom of hope, until
our enemies shall have bound us hand and foot?
Sir, we are not weak, if we make a proper use of the means which
the God of nature hath placed in our power. Three millions of people, armed
in the holy cause of liberty, and in such a country as that which we possess,
are invincible by any force which our enemy can send against us. Besides,
sir, we shall not fight our battles alone. There is a just God who presides
over the destinies of nations, and who will raise up friends to fight our
battles for us.
The battle, sir, is not to the strong alone; it is to the vigilant,
the active, the brave. Besides, sir, we have no election. If we were base
enough to desire it, it is now too late to retire from the contest. There
is no retreat but in submission and slavery! Our chains are forged! Their
clanking may be heard on the plains of Boston! The war is inevitable --
and let it come! I repeat it, sir, let it come!
It is in vain, sir, to extenuate the matter. Gentlemen may cry, "Peace!
Peace!" -- but there is no peace. The war is actually begun! The next
gale that sweeps from the north will bring to our ears the clash of resounding
arms! Our brethren are already in the field! Why stand we here idle? What
is it that gentlemen wish? What would they have? Is life so dear, or peace
so sweet, as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid
it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take; but as for me,
give me liberty, or give me death!
Patrick Henry - March 23, 1775

32. Harold Ickes
          - What is an American? (1941)
I want to ask a few simple questions. And then I shall answer them.
What has happened to our vaunted idealism? Why have some of us been
behaving like scared chickens? Where is the million-throated, democratic
voice of America?
For years it has been dinned into us that we are a weak nation; that
we are an inefficient people; that we are simple-minded. For years we have
been told that we are beaten, decayed, and that no part of the world belongs
to us any longer.
Some amongst us have fallen for this carefully pickled tripe. Some
amongst us have fallen for this calculated poison. Some amongst us have
begun to preach that the "wave of the future" has passed over
us and left us a wet, dead fish.
They shout--from public platforms in printed pages, through the microphones--that
it is futile to oppose the "wave of the future." They cry that
we Americans, we free Americans nourished on Magna Carta and the Declaration
of Independence, hold moth-eaten ideas. They exclaim that there is no room
for free men in the world any more and that only the slaves will inherit
the earth. America--the America of Washington and Jefferson and Lincoln
and Walt Whitman--they say, is waiting for the undertaker and all the hopes
and aspirations that have gone into the making of America are dead too.
However, my fellow citizens, this is not the real point of the story.
The real point--the shameful point--is that many of us are listening to
them and some of us almost believe them.
I say that it is time for the great American people to raise its
voice and cry out in mighty triumph what it is to be an American. And why
it is that only Americans, with the aid of our brave allies--yes, let's
call them "allies"--the British, can and will build the only
future worth having. I mean a future, not of concentration camps, not of
physical torture and mental straitjackets, not of sawdust bread or of sawdust
Caesars--I mean a future when free men will live free lives in dignity
and in security.
This tide of the future, the democratic future, is ours. It is ours
if we show ourselves worthy of our culture and of our heritage.
But make no mistake about it; the tide of the democratic future is
not like the ocean tide--regular, relentless, and inevitable. Nothing in
human affairs is mechanical or inevitable. Nor are Americans mechanical.
They are very human indeed.
What constitutes an American? Not color nor race nor religion. Not
the pedigree of his family nor the place of his birth. Not the coincidence
of his citizenship. Not his social status nor his bank account. Not his
trade nor his profession. An American is one who loves justice and believes
in the dignity of man. An American is one who will fight for his freedom
and that of his neighbor. An American is one who will sacrifice property,
ease and security in order that he and his children may retain the rights
of free men. An American is one in whose heart is engraved the immortal
second sentence of the Declaration of Independence.
Americans have always known how to fight for their rights and their
way of life. Americans are not afraid to fight. They fight joyously in
a just cause.
We Americans know that freedom, like peace, is indivisible. We cannot
retain our liberty if three-fourths of the world is enslaved. Brutality,
injustice and slavery, if practiced as dictators would have them, universally
and systematically, in the long run would destroy us as surely as a fire
raging in our nearby neighbor's house would burn ours if we didn't help
to put out his.
If we are to retain our own freedom, we must do everything within
our power to aid Britain. We must also do everything to restore to the
conquered peoples their freedom. This means the Germans too.
Such a program, if you stop to think, is selfishness on our part.
It is the sort of enlightened selfishness that makes the wheels of history
go around. It is the sort of enlightened selfishness that wins victories.
Do you know why? Because we cannot live in the world alone, without
friends and without allies. If Britain should be defeated, then the totalitarian
undertaker will prepare to hang crepe on the door of our own independence.
Perhaps you wonder how this could come about? Perhaps you have heard
"them"--the wavers of the future--cry, with calculated malice,
that even if Britain were defeated we could live alone and defend ourselves
single handed, even against the whole world.
I tell you that this is a cold blooded lie.
We would be alone in the world, facing an unscrupulous military-economic
bloc that would dominate all of Europe, all of Africa, most of Asia, and
perhaps even Russia and South America. Even to do that, we would have to
spend most of our national income on tanks and guns and planes and ships.
Nor would this be all. We would have to live perpetually as an armed camp,
maintaining a huge standing army, a gigantic air force, two vast navies.
And we could not do this without endangering our freedom, our democracy,
our way of life.
Perhaps such is the America "they"--the wavers of the future--foresee.
Perhaps such is the America that a certain aviator, with his contempt for
democracy, would prefer. Perhaps such is the America that a certain Senator
desires. Perhaps such is the America that a certain mail order executive
longs for.
But a perpetually militarized, isolated and impoverished America
is not the America that our fathers came here to build.
It is not the America that has been the dream and the hope of countless
generations in all parts of the world.
It is not the America that one hundred and thirty million of us would
care to live in.
The continued security of our country demands that we aid the enslaved
millions of Europe--yes, even of Germany--to win back their liberty and
independence. I am convinced that if we do not embark upon such a program
we will lose our own freedom.
We should be clear on this point. What is convulsing the world today
is not merely another old-fashioned war. It is a counter revolution against
our ideas and ideals, against our sense of justice and our human values.
Three systems today compete for world domination. Communism, fascism,
and democracy are struggling for social-economic-political world control.
As the conflict sharpens, it becomes clear that the other two, fascism
and communism, are merging into one. They have one common enemy, democracy.
They have one common goal, the destruction of democracy.
This is why this war is not an ordinary war. It is not a conflict
for markets or territories. It is a desperate struggle for the possession
of the souls of men.
This is why the British are not fighting for themselves alone. They
are fighting to preserve freedom for mankind. For the moment, the battleground
is the British Isles. But they are fighting our war; they are the first
soldiers in trenches that are also our front-line trenches.
In this world war of ideas and of loyalties we believers in democracy
must do two things. We must unite our forces to form one great democratic
international. We must offer a clear program to freedom-loving peoples
throughout the world.
Freedom-loving men and women in every land must organize and tighten
their ranks. The masses everywhere must be helped to fight their oppressors
and conquerors.
We, free, democratic Americans are in a position to help. We know
that the spirit of freedom never dies. We know that men have fought and
bled for freedom since time immemorial. We realize that the liberty-loving
German people are only temporarily enslaved. We do not doubt that the Italian
people are looking forward to the appearance of another Garibaldi. We know
how the Poles have for centuries maintained a heroic resistance against
tyranny. We remember the brave struggle of the Hungarians under Kossuth
and other leaders. We recall the heroic figure of Masaryk and the gallant
fight for freedom of the Czech people. The story of the Yugoslavs', especially
the Serbs' blows for liberty and independence is a saga of extraordinary
heroism. The Greeks will stand again at Thermopylae, as they have in the
past. The annals of our American sister-republics, too, are glorious with
freedom-inspiring exploits. The noble figure of Simon Bolivar, the great
South American liberator, has naturally been compared with that of George
Washington.
No, liberty never dies. The Genghis Khans come and go. The Attilas
come and go. The Hitlers flash and sputter out. But freedom endures.
Destroy a whole generation of those who have known how to walk with
heads erect in God's free air, and the next generation will rise against
the oppressors and restore freedom. Today in Europe, the Nazi Attila may
gloat that he has destroyed democracy. He is wrong. In small farmhouses
all over Central Europe, in the shops of Germany and Italy, on the docks
of Holland and Belgium, freedom still lives in the hearts of men. It will
endure like a hardy tree gone into the wintertime, awaiting the spring.
And, like spring, spreading from the South into Scandinavia, the
democratic revolution will come. And men with democratic hearts will experience
comradeship across artificial boundaries.
These men and women, hundreds of millions of them, now in bondage
or threatened with slavery, are our comrades and our allies. They are only
waiting for our leadership and our encouragement, for the spark that we
can supply.
These hundreds of millions, of liberty-loving people, now oppressed,
constitute the greatest sixth column in history. They have the will to
destroy the Nazi gangsters.
We have always helped in struggles for human freedom. And we will
help again. But our hundreds of millions of liberty-loving allies would
despair if we did not provide aid and encouragement. The quicker we help
them the sooner this dreadful revolution will be over. We cannot, we must
not, we dare not delay much longer.
The fight for Britain is in its crucial stages. We must give the
British everything we have. And by everything, I mean everything needed
to beat the life out of our common enemy.
The second step must be to aid and encourage our friends and allies
everywhere. And by everywhere I mean Europe and Asia and Africa and America.
And finally, the most important of all, we Americans must gird spiritually
for the battle. We must dispel the fog of uncertainty and vacillation.
We must greet with raucous laughter the corroding arguments of our appeasers
and fascists. They doubt democracy. We affirm it triumphantly so that all
the world may hear:
Here in America we have something so worth living for that it is
worth dying for! The so-called "wave of the future" is but the
slimy backwash of the past. We have not heaved from our necks the tyrant's
crushing heel, only to stretch our necks out again for its weight. Not
only will we fight for democracy, we will make it more worth fighting for.
Under our free institutions, we will work for the good of mankind, including
Hitler's victims in Germany, so that all may have plenty and security.
We American democrats know that when good will prevails among men
there will be a world of plenty and a world of security.
In the words of Winston Churchill, "Are we downhearted,"
No, we arc not! But someone is downhearted! Witness the terrified flight
of Hess, Hitler's Number Three Man. And listen to this--listen carefully:
"The British nation can be counted upon to carry through to
victory any struggle that it once enters upon no matter how long such a
struggle may last or however great the sacrifices that may be necessary
or whatever the means that have to be employed; and all this even though
the actual military equipment at hand may be utterly inadequate when compared
with that of other nations."
Do you know who wrote that? Adolf Hitler in Mein Kampf. And do you
know who took down that dictation? Rudolf Hess.
We will help to make Hitler's prophecy come true. We will help brave
England drive back the hordes from Hell who besiege her and then we will
join for the destruction of savage and blood-thirsty dictators everywhere.
But we must be firm and decisive. We must know our will and make it felt.
And we must hurry.
Harold Ickes - May 18, 1941

33. Lyndon B. Johnson
          - We Shall Overcome (1965)
I speak tonight for the dignity of man and the destiny of Democracy.
I urge every member of both parties, Americans of all religions and of
all colors, from every section of this country, to join me in that cause.
At times, history and fate meet at a single time in a single place
to shape a turning point in man's unending search for freedom. So it was
at Lexington and Concord. So it was a century ago at Appomattox. So it
was last week in Selma, Alabama. There, long suffering men and women peacefully
protested the denial of their rights as Americans. Many of them were brutally
assaulted. One good man--a man of God--was killed.
There is no cause for pride in what has happened in Selma. There
is no cause for self-satisfaction in the long denial of equal rights of
millions of Americans. But there is cause for hope and for faith in our
Democracy in what is happening here tonight. For the cries of pain and
the hymns and protests of oppressed people have summoned into convocation
all the majesty of this great government--the government of the greatest
nation on earth. Our mission is at once the oldest and the most basic of
this country--to right wrong, to do justice, to serve man. In our time
we have come to live with the moments of great crises. Our lives have been
marked with debate about great issues, issues of war and peace, issues
of prosperity and depression.
But rarely in any time does an issue lay bare the secret heart of
America itself. Rarely are we met with a challenge, not to our growth or
abundance, or our welfare or our security, but rather to the values and
the purposes and the meaning of our beloved nation. The issue of equal
rights for American Negroes is such an issue. And should we defeat every
enemy, and should we double our wealth and conquer the stars, and still
be unequal to this issue, then we will have failed as a people and as a
nation. For, with a country as with a person, "what is a man profited
if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?"
There is no Negro problem. There is no Southern problem. There is
no Northern problem. There is only an American problem.
And we are met here tonight as Americans--not as Democrats or Republicans;
we're met here as Americans to solve that problem. This was the first nation
in the history of the world to be founded with a purpose.
The great phrases of that purpose still sound in every American heart,
North and South: "All men are created equal." "Government
by consent of the governed." "Give me liberty or give me death."
And those are not just clever words, and those are not just empty theories.
In their name Americans have fought and died for two centuries and tonight
around the world they stand there as guardians of our liberty risking their
lives. Those words are promised to every citizen that he shall share in
the dignity of man. This dignity cannot be found in a man's possessions.
It cannot be found in his power or in his position. It really rests on
his right to be treated as a man equal in opportunity to all others. It
says that he shall share in freedom. He shall choose his leaders, educate
his children, provide for his family according to his ability and his merits
as a human being.
To apply any other test, to deny a man his hopes because of his color
or race or his religion or the place of his birth is not only to do injustice,
it is to deny Americans and to dishonor the dead who gave their lives for
American freedom. Our fathers believed that if this noble view of the rights
of man was to flourish it must be rooted in democracy. This most basic
right of all was the right to choose your own leaders. The history of this
country in large measure is the history of expansion of the right to all
of our people.
Many of the issues of civil rights are very complex and most difficult.
But about this there can and should be no argument: every American citizen
must have an equal right to vote. There is no reason which can excuse the
denial of that right. There is no duty which weighs more heavily on us
than the duty we have to insure that right. Yet the harsh fact is that
in many places in this country men and women are kept from voting simply
because they are Negroes.
Every device of which human ingenuity is capable, has been used to
deny this right. The Negro citizen may go to register only to be told that
the day is wrong, or the hour is late, or the official in charge is absent.
And if he persists and, if he manages to present himself to the registrar,
he may be disqualified because he did not spell out his middle name, or
because he abbreviated a word on the application. And if he manages to
fill out an application, he is given a test. The registrar is the sole
judge of whether he passes this test. He may be asked to recite the entire
Constitution, or explain the most complex provisions of state law.
And even a college degree cannot be used to prove that he can read
and write. For the fact is that the only way to pass these barriers is
to show a white skin. Experience has clearly shown that the existing process
of law cannot overcome systematic and ingenious discrimination. No law
that we now have on the books, and I have helped to put three of them there,
can insure the right to vote when local officials are determined to deny
it. In such a case, our duty must be clear to all of us. The Constitution
says that no person shall be kept from voting because of his race or his
color.
We have all sworn an oath before God to support and to defend that
Constitution. We must now act in obedience to that oath. Wednesday, I will
send to Congress a law designed to eliminate illegal barriers to the right
to vote. The broad principles of that bill will be in the hands of the
Democratic and Republican leaders tomorrow. After they have reviewed it,
it will come here formally as a bill. I am grateful for this opportunity
to come here tonight at the invitation of the leadership to reason with
my friends, to give them my views and to visit with my former colleagues.
I have had prepared a more comprehensive analysis of the legislation
which I had intended to transmit to the clerk tomorrow, but which I will
submit to the clerks tonight. But I want to really discuss the main proposals
of this legislation. This bill will strike down restrictions to voting
in all elections, federal, state and local, which have been used to deny
Negroes the right to vote.
This bill will establish a simple, uniform standard which cannot
be used, however ingenious the effort, to flout our Constitution. It will
provide for citizens to be registered by officials of the United States
Government, if the state officials refuse to register them. It will eliminate
tedious, unnecessary lawsuits which delay the right to vote. Finally, this
legislation will insure that properly registered individuals are not prohibited
from voting. I will welcome the suggestions from all the members of Congress--I
have no doubt that I will get some--on ways and means to strengthen this
law and to make it effective.
But experience has plainly shown that this is the only path to carry
out the command of the Constitution. To those who seek to avoid action
by their national government in their home communities, who want to and
who seek to maintain purely local control over elections, the answer is
simple: open your polling places to all your people. Allow men and women
to register and vote whatever the color of their skin. Extend the rights
of citizenship to every citizen of this land. There is no Constitutional
issue here. The command of the Constitution is plain. There is no moral
issue. It is wrong--deadly wrong--to deny any of your fellow Americans
the right to vote in this country.
There is no issue of state's rights or national rights. There is
only the struggle for human rights. I have not the slightest doubt what
will be your answer. But the last time a President sent a civil rights
bill to the Congress it contained a provision to protect voting rights
in Federal elections. That civil rights bill was passed after eight long
months of debate. And when that bill came to my desk from the Congress
for signature, the heart of the voting provision had been eliminated.
This time, on this issue, there must be no delay, or no hesitation,
or no compromise with our purpose. We cannot, we must not, refuse to protect
the right of every American to vote in every election that he may desire
to participate in.
And we ought not, and we cannot, and we must not wait another eight
months before we get a bill. We have already waited 100 years and more
and the time for waiting is gone. So I ask you to join me in working long
hours and nights and weekends, if necessary, to pass this bill. And I don't
make that request lightly, for, from the window where I sit, with the problems
of our country, I recognize that from outside this chamber is the outraged
conscience of a nation, the grave concern of many nations and the harsh
judgment of history on our acts.
But even if we pass this bill the battle will not be over. What happened
in Selma is part of a far larger movement which reaches into every section
and state of America. It is the effort of American Negroes to secure for
themselves the full blessings of American life. Their cause must be our
cause too. Because it's not just Negroes, but really it's all of us, who
must overcome the crippling legacy of bigotry and injustice.
And we shall overcome.
As a man whose roots go deeply into Southern soil, I know how agonizing
racial feelings are. I know how difficult it is to reshape the attitudes
and the structure of our society. But a century has passed--more than 100
years--since the Negro was freed. And he is not fully free tonight. It
was more than 100 years ago that Abraham Lincoln--a great President of
another party--signed the Emancipation Proclamation. But emancipation is
a proclamation and not a fact.
A century has passed--more than 100 years--since equality was promised,
and yet the Negro is not equal. A century has passed since the day of promise,
and the promise is unkept. The time of justice has now come, and I tell
you that I believe sincerely that no force can hold it back. It is right
in the eyes of man and God that it should come, and when it does, I think
that day will brighten the lives of every American. For Negroes are not
the only victims. How many white children have gone uneducated? How many
white families have lived in stark poverty? How many white lives have been
scarred by fear, because we wasted energy and our substance to maintain
the barriers of hatred and terror?
And so I say to all of you here and to all in the nation tonight
that those who appeal to you to hold on to the past do so at the cost of
denying you your future. This great rich, restless country can offer opportunity
and education and hope to all--all, black and white, North and South, sharecropper
and city dweller. These are the enemies: poverty, ignorance, disease. They
are our enemies, not our fellow man, not our neighbor.
And these enemies too--poverty, disease and ignorance--we shall overcome.
Now let none of us in any section look with prideful righteousness
on the troubles in another section or the problems of our neighbors. There
is really no part of America where the promise of equality has been fully
kept. In Buffalo as well as in Birmingham, in Philadelphia as well as Selma,
Americans are struggling for the fruits of freedom.
This is one nation. What happens in Selma and Cincinnati is a matter
of legitimate concern to every American. But let each of us look within
our own hearts and our own communities and let each of us put our shoulder
to the wheel to root out injustice wherever it exists. As we meet here
in this peaceful historic chamber tonight, men from the South, some of
whom were at Iwo Jima, men from the North who have carried Old Glory to
the far corners of the world and who brought it back without a stain on
it, men from the east and from the west are all fighting together without
regard to religion or color or region in Vietnam.
Men from every region fought for us across the world 20 years ago.
And now in these common dangers, in these common sacrifices, the South
made its contribution of honor and gallantry no less than any other region
in the great republic.
And in some instances, a great many of them, more. And I have not
the slightest doubt that good men from everywhere in this country, from
the Great Lakes to the Gulf of Mexico, from the Golden Gate to the harbors
along the Atlantic, will rally now together in this cause to vindicate
the freedom of all Americans. For all of us owe this duty and I believe
that all of us will respond to it.
Your president makes that request of every American.
The real hero of this struggle is the American Negro. His actions
and protests, his courage to risk safety, and even to risk his life, have
awakened the conscience of this nation. His demonstrations have been designed
to call attention to injustice, designed to provoke change; designed to
stir reform. He has been called upon to make good the promise of America.
And who among us can say that we would have made the same progress
were it not for his persistent bravery and his faith in American democracy?
For at the real heart of the battle for equality is a deep-seated belief
in the democratic process. Equality depends, not on the force of arms or
tear gas, but depends upon the force of moral right--not on recourse to
violence, but on respect for law and order.
There have been many pressures upon your President and there will
be others as the days come and go. But I pledge to you tonight that we
intend to fight this battle where it should be fought--in the courts, and
in the Congress, and the hearts of men. We must preserve the right of free
speech and the right of free assembly. But the right of free speech does
not carry with it--as has been said--the right to holler fire in a crowded
theatre.
We must preserve the right to free assembly. But free assembly does
not carry with it the right to block public thoroughfares to traffic. We
do have a right to protest. And a right to march under conditions that
do not infringe the Constitutional rights of our neighbors. And I intend
to protect all those rights as long as I am permitted to serve in this
office.
We will guard against violence, knowing it strikes from our hands
the very weapons which we seek--progress, obedience to law, and belief
in American values. In Selma, as elsewhere, we seek and pray for peace.
We seek order, we seek unity, but we will not accept the peace of stifled
rights or the order imposed by fear, or the unity that stifles protest--for
peace cannot be purchased at the cost of liberty.
In Selma tonight--and we had a good day there--as in every city we
are working for a just and peaceful settlement. We must all remember after
this speech I'm making tonight, after the police and the F.B.I. and the
Marshals have all gone, and after you have promptly passed this bill, the
people of Selma and the other cities of the nation must still live and
work together.
And when the attention of the nation has gone elsewhere they must
try to heal the wounds and to build a new community. This cannot be easily
done on a battleground of violence as the history of the South itself shows.
It is in recognition of this that men of both races have shown such an
outstandingly impressive responsibility in recent days--last Tuesday and
again today.
The bill I am presenting to you will be known as a civil rights bill.
But in a larger sense, most of the program I am recommending is a civil
rights program. Its object is to open the city of hope to all people of
all races, because all Americans just must have the right to vote, and
we are going to give them that right.
All Americans must have the privileges of citizenship, regardless
of race, and they are going to have those privileges of citizenship regardless
of race.
But I would like to caution you and remind you that to exercise these
privileges takes much more than just legal rights. It requires a trained
mind and a healthy body. It requires a decent home and the chance to find
a job and the opportunity to escape from the clutches of poverty.
Of course people cannot contribute to the nation if they are never
taught to read or write; if their bodies are stunted from hunger; if their
sickness goes untended; if their life is spent in hopeless poverty, just
drawing a welfare check.
So we want to open the gates to opportunity. But we're also going
to give all our people, black and white, the help that they need to walk
through those gates. My first job after college was as a teacher in Cotulla,
Texas, in a small Mexican-American school. Few of them could speak English
and I couldn't speak much Spanish. My students were poor and they often
came to class without breakfast and hungry. And they knew even in their
youth the pain of prejudice. They never seemed to know why people disliked
them, but they knew it was so because I saw it in their eyes.
I often walked home late in the afternoon after the classes were
finished wishing there was more that I could do. But all I knew was to
teach them the little that I knew, hoping that I might help them against
the hardships that lay ahead. And somehow you never forget what poverty
and hatred can do when you see its scars on the hopeful face of a young
child.
I never thought then, in 1928, that I would be standing here in 1965.
It never even occurred to me in my fondest dreams that I might have the
chance to help the sons and daughters of those students, and to help people
like them all over this country. But now I do have that chance.
And I'll let you in on a secret--I mean to use it. And I hope that
you will use it with me.
This is the richest, most powerful country which ever occupied this
globe. The might of past empires is little compared to ours. But I do not
want to be the president who built empires, or sought grandeur, or extended
dominion.
I want to be the president who educated young children to the wonders
of their world. I want to be the President who helped to feed the hungry
and to prepare them to be taxpayers instead of tax eaters. I want to be
the President who helped the poor to find their own way and who protected
the right of every citizen to vote in every election. I want to be the
President who helped to end hatred among his fellow men and who promoted
love among the people of all races, all regions and all parties. I want
to be the President who helped to end war among the brothers of this earth.
And so, at the request of your beloved Speaker and the Senator from
Montana, the Majority Leader, the Senator from Illinois, the Minority Leader,
Mr. McCullock and other members of both parties, I came here tonight, not
as President Roosevelt came down one time in person to veto a bonus bill;
not as President Truman came down one time to urge passage of a railroad
bill, but I came down here to ask you to share this task with me. And to
share it with the people that we both work for.
I want this to be the Congress--Republicans and Democrats alike--which
did all these things for all these people. Beyond this great chamber--out
yonder--in fifty states are the people that we serve. Who can tell what
deep and unspoken hopes are in their hearts tonight as they sit there and
listen? We all can guess, from our own lives, how difficult they often
find their own pursuit of happiness, how many problems each little family
has. They look most of all to themselves for their future, but I think
that they also look to each of us.
Above the pyramid on the Great Seal of the United States it says
in latin, "God has favored our undertaking." God will not favor
everything that we do. It is rather our duty to divine His will. But I
cannot help but believe that He truly understands and that He really favors
the undertaking that we begin here tonight.
President Lyndon B. Johnson - March 15, 1965

34. Lyndon
          B. Johnson - Decides Not to Seek Re-election (1968)
Good evening, my fellow Americans:
Tonight I want to speak to you of peace in
Vietnam and Southeast Asia.
No other question so preoccupies our people.
No other dream so absorbs the 250 million human beings who live in that
part of the world. No other goal motivates American policy in Southeast
Asia.
For years, representatives of our Government
and others have traveled the world--seeking to find a basis for peace talks.
Since last September, they have carried the
offer that I made public at San Antonio. That offer was this:
That the United States would stop its bombardment
of North Vietnam when that would lead promptly to productive discussions--and
that we would assume that North Vietnam would not take military advantage
of our restraint.
Hanoi denounced this offer, both privately
and publicly. Even while the search for peace was going on, North Vietnam
rushed their preparations for a savage assault on the people, the government,
and the allies of South Vietnam.
Their attack--during the Tet holidays--failed
to achieve its principal objectives.
It did not collapse the elected government
of South Vietnam or shatter its army--as the Communists had hoped.
It did not produce a "general uprising"
among the people of the cities as they had predicted.
The Communists were unable to maintain control
of any of the more than 30 cities that they attacked. And they took very
heavy casualties.
But they did compel the South Vietnamese and
their allies to move certain forces from the countryside into the cities.
They caused widespread disruption and suffering.
Their attacks, and the battles that followed, made refugees of half a million
human beings.
The Communists may renew their attack any day.
They are, it appears, trying to make 1968 the
year of decision in South Vietnam--the year that brings, if not final victory
or defeat, at least a turning point in the struggle.
This much is clear: If they do mount another
round of heavy attacks, they will not succeed in destroying the fighting
power of South Vietnam and its allies.
But tragically, this is also clear: Many men--on
both sides of the struggle--will be lost. A nation that has already suffered
20 years of warfare will suffer once again. Armies on both sides will take
new casualties. And the war will go on.
There is no need for this to be so.
There is no need to delay the talks that could
bring an end to this long and this bloody war.
Tonight, I renew the offer I made last August--to
stop the bombardment of North Vietnam. We ask that talks begin promptly,
that they be serious talks on the substance of peace. We assume that during
those talks Hanoi will not take advantage of our restraint.
We are prepared to move immediately toward
peace through negotiations.
So, tonight, in the hope that this action will
lead to early talks, I am taking the first step to deescalate the conflict.
We are reducing--substantially reducing--the present level of hostilities.
And we are doing so unilaterally, and at once.
Tonight, I have ordered our aircraft and our
naval vessels to make no attacks on North Vietnam, except in the area north
of the demilitarized zone where the continuing enemy buildup directly threatens
allied forward positions and where the movements of their troops and supplies
are clearly related to that threat.
The area in which we are stopping our attacks
includes almost 90 percent of North Vietnam's population, and most of its
territory. Thus there will be no attacks around the principal populated
areas, or in the food-producing areas of North Vietnam.
Even this very limited bombing of the North
could come to an early end--if our restraint is matched by restraint in
Hanoi. But I cannot in good conscience stop all bombing so long as to do
so would immediately and directly endanger the lives of our men and our
allies. Whether a complete bombing halt becomes possible in the future
will be determined by events.
Our purpose in this action is to bring about
a reduction in the level of violence that now exists.
It is to save the lives of brave men--and to
save the lives of innocent women and children. It is to permit the contending
forces to move closer to a political settlement.
And tonight, I call upon the United Kingdom
and I call upon the Soviet Union--as cochairmen of the Geneva Conferences,
and as permanent members of the United Nations Security Council--to do
all they can to move from the unilateral act of deescalation that I have
just announced toward genuine peace in Southeast Asia.
Now, as in the past, the United States is ready
to send its representatives to any forum, at any time, to discuss the means
of bringing this ugly war to an end.
I am designating one of our most distinguished
Americans, Ambassador Averell Harriman, as my personal representative for
such talks. In addition, I have asked Ambassador Llewellyn Thompson, who
returned from Moscow for consultation, to be available to join Ambassador
Harriman at Geneva or any other suitable place--just as soon as Hanoi agrees
to a conference.
I call upon President Ho Chi Minh to respond
positively, and favorably, to this new step toward peace.
But if peace does not come now through negotiations,
it will come when Hanoi understands that our common resolve is unshakable,
and our common strength is invincible.
Tonight, we and the other allied nations are
contributing 600,000 fighting men to assist 700,000 South Vietnamese troops
in defending their little country.
Our presence there has always rested on this
basic belief: The main burden of preserving their freedom must be carried
out by them--by the South Vietnamese themselves.
We and our allies can only help to provide
a shield behind which the people of South Vietnam can survive and can grow
and develop. On their efforts--on their determination and resourcefulness--the
outcome will ultimately depend.
That small, beleaguered nation has suffered
terrible punishment for more than 20 years.
I pay tribute once again tonight to the great
courage and endurance of its people. South Vietnam supports armed forces
tonight of almost 700,000 men--and I call your attention to the fact that
this is the equivalent of more than 10 million in our own population. Its
people maintain their firm determination to be free of domination by the
North.
There has been substantial progress, I think,
in building a durable government during these last 3 years. The South Vietnam
of 1965 could not have survived the enemy's Tet offensive of 1968. The
elected government of South Vietnam survived that attack--and is rapidly
repairing the devastation that it wrought.
The South Vietnamese know that further efforts
are going to be required:
--to expand their own armed forces,
--to move back into the countryside as quickly
as possible,
--to increase their taxes,
--to select the very best men that they have
for civil and military responsibility,
--to achieve a new unity within their constitutional
government, and
--to include in the national effort all those
groups who wish to preserve South Vietnam's control over its own destiny.
Last week President Thieu ordered the mobilization
of 135,000 additional South Vietnamese. He plans to reach--as soon as possible--a
total military strength of more than 800,000 men.
To achieve this, the Government of South Vietnam
started the drafting of 19-year-olds on March 1st. On May 1st, the Government
will begin the drafting of 18-year-olds.
Last month, 10,000 men volunteered for military
service--that was two and a half times the number of volunteers during
the same month last year. Since the middle of January, more than 48,000
South Vietnamese have joined the armed forces--and nearly half of them
volunteered to do so.
All men in the South Vietnamese armed forces
have had their tours of duty extended for the duration of the war, and
reserves are now being called up for immediate active duty.
President Thieu told his people last week:
"We must make greater efforts and accept
more sacrifices because, as I have said many times, this is our country.
The existence of our nation is at stake, and this is mainly a Vietnamese
responsibility."
He warned his people that a major national
effort is required to root out corruption and incompetence at all levels
of government.
We applaud this evidence of determination on
the part of South Vietnam. Our first priority will be to support their
effort.
We shall accelerate the reequipment of South
Vietnam's armed forces--in order to meet the enemy's increased firepower.
This will enable them progressively to undertake a larger share of combat
operations against the Communist invaders.
On many occasions I have told the American
people that we would send to Vietnam those forces that are required to
accomplish our mission there. So, with that as our guide, we have previously
authorized a force level of approximately 525,000.
Some weeks ago--to help meet the enemy's new
offensive--we sent to Vietnam about 11,000 additional Marine and airborne
troops. They were deployed by air in 48 hours, on an emergency basis. But
the artillery, tank, aircraft, medical, and other units that were needed
to work with and to support these infantry troops in combat could not then
accompany them by air on that short notice.
In order that these forces may reach maximum
combat effectiveness, the Joint Chiefs of Staff have recommended to me
that we should prepare to send--during the next 5 months--support troops
totaling approximately 13,500 men.
A portion of these men will be made available
from our active forces. The balance will come from reserve component units
which will be called up for service.
The actions that we have taken since the beginning
of the year:
--to reequip the South Vietnamese forces,
--to meet our responsibilities in Korea, as
well as our responsibilities in Vietnam,
--to meet price increases and the cost of
activating and deploying reserve forces,
--to replace helicopters and provide the other
military supplies we need, all of these actions are going to require additional
expenditures.
The tentative estimate of those additional
expenditures is $2.5 billion in this fiscal year, and $2.6 billion in the
next fiscal year.
These projected increases in expenditures for
our national security will bring into sharper focus the Nation's need for
immediate action: action to protect the prosperity of the American people
and to protect the strength and the stability of our American dollar.
On many occasions I have pointed out that,
without a tax bill or decreased expenditures, next year's deficit would
again be around $20 billion. I have emphasized the need to set strict priorities
in our spending. I have stressed that failure to act and to act promptly
and decisively would raise very strong doubts throughout the world about
America's willingness to keep its financial house in order.
Yet Congress has not acted. And tonight we
face the sharpest financial threat in the postwar era--a threat to the
dollar's role as the keystone of international trade and finance in the
world.
Last week, at the monetary conference in Stockholm,
the major industrial countries decided to take a big step toward creating
a new international monetary asset that will strengthen the international
monetary system. I am very proud of the very able work done by Secretary
Fowler and Chairman Martin of the Federal Reserve Board.
But to make this system work the United States
just must bring its balance of payments to--or very close to--equilibrium.
We must have a responsible fiscal policy in this country. The passage of
a tax bill now, together with expenditure control that the Congress may
desire and dictate, is absolutely necessary to protect this Nation's security,
to continue our prosperity, and to meet the needs of our people.
What is at stake is 7 years of unparalleled
prosperity. In those 7 years, the real income of the average American,
after taxes, rose by almost 30 percent--a gain as large as that of the
entire preceding 19 years.
So the steps that we must take to convince
the world are exactly the steps we must take to sustain our own economic
strength here at home. In the past 8 months, prices and interest rates
have risen because of our inaction.
We must, therefore, now do everything we can
to move from debate to action--from talking to voting. There is, I believe--I
hope there is--in both Houses of the Congress--a growing sense of urgency
that this situation just must be acted upon and must be corrected.
My budget in January was, we thought, a tight
one. It fully reflected our evaluation of most of the demanding needs of
this Nation.
But in these budgetary matters, the President
does not decide alone. The Congress has the power and the duty to determine
appropriations and taxes.
The Congress is now considering our proposals
and they are considering reductions in the budget that we submitted.
As part of a program of fiscal restraint that
includes the tax surcharge, I shall approve appropriate reductions in the
January budget when and if Congress so decides that that should be done.
One thing is unmistakably clear, however: Our
deficit just must be reduced. Failure to act could bring on conditions
that would strike hardest at those people that all of us are trying so
hard to help.
These times call for prudence in this land
of plenty. I believe that we have the character to provide it, and tonight
I plead with the Congress and with the people to act promptly to serve
the national interest, and thereby serve all of our people.
Now let me give you my estimate of the chances
for peace:
--the peace that will one day stop the bloodshed
in South Vietnam,
--that will permit all the Vietnamese people
to rebuild and develop their land,
--that will permit us to turn more fully to
our own tasks here at home.
I cannot promise that the initiative that I
have announced tonight will be completely successful in achieving peace
any more than the 30 others that we have undertaken and agreed to in recent
years.
But it is our fervent hope that North Vietnam,
after years of fighting that have left the issue unresolved, will now cease
its efforts to achieve a military victory and will join with us in moving
toward the peace table.
And there may come a time when South Vietnamese--on
both sides--are able to work out a way to settle their own differences
by free political choice rather than by war.
As Hanoi considers its course, it should be
in no doubt of our intentions. It must not miscalculate the pressures within
our democracy in this election year.
We have no intention of widening this war.
But the United States will never accept a fake
solution to this long and arduous struggle and call it peace.
No one can foretell the precise terms of an
eventual settlement.
Our objective in South Vietnam has never been
the annihilation of the enemy. It has been to bring about a recognition
in Hanoi that its objective--taking over the South by force--could not
be achieved.
We think that peace can be based on the Geneva
Accords of 1954--under political conditions that permit the South Vietnamese--all
the South Vietnamese--to chart their course free of any outside domination
or interference, from us or from anyone else.
So tonight I reaffirm the pledge that we made
at Manila--that we are prepared to withdraw our forces from South Vietnam
as the other side withdraws its forces to the north, stops the infiltration,
and the level of violence thus subsides.
Our goal of peace and self-determination in
Vietnam is directly related to the future of all of Southeast Asia--where
much has happened to inspire confidence during the past 10 years. We have
done all that we knew how to do to contribute and to help build that confidence.
A number of its nations have shown what can
be accomplished under conditions of security. Since 1966, Indonesia, the
fifth largest nation in all the world, with a population of more than 100
million people, has had a government that is dedicated to peace with its
neighbors and improved conditions for its own people. Political and economic
cooperation between nations has grown rapidly.
I think every American can take a great deal
of pride in the role that we have played in bringing this about in Southeast
Asia. We can rightly judge--as responsible Southeast Asians themselves
do--that the progress of the past 3 years would have been far less likely--if
not completely impossible--if America's sons and others had not made their
stand in Vietnam.
At Johns Hopkins University, about 3 years
ago, I announced that the United States would take part in the great work
of developing Southeast Asia, including the Mekong Valley, for all the
people of that region. Our determination to help build a better land--a
better land for men on both sides of the present conflict--has not diminished
in the least. Indeed, the ravages of war, I think, have made it more urgent
than ever.
So, I repeat on behalf of the United States
again tonight what I said at Johns Hopkins--that North Vietnam could take
its place in this common effort just as soon as peace comes.
Over time, a wider framework of peace and security
in Southeast Asia may become possible. The new cooperation of the nations
of the area could be a foundation-stone. Certainly friendship with the
nations of such a Southeast Asia is what the United States seeks--and that
is all that the United States seeks.
One day, my fellow citizens, there will be
peace in Southeast Asia.
It will come because the people of Southeast
Asia want it--those whose armies are at war tonight, and those who, though
threatened, have thus far been spared.
Peace will come because Asians were willing
to work for it--and to sacrifice for it--and to die by the thousands for
it.
But let it never be forgotten: Peace will come
also because America sent her sons to help secure it.
It has not been easy--far from it. During the
past 4 years, it has been my fate and my responsibility to be Commander
in Chief. I have lived---daily and nightly--with the cost of this war.
I know the pain that it has inflicted. I know, perhaps better than anyone,
the misgivings that it has aroused.
Throughout this entire, long period, I have
been sustained by a single principle: that what we are doing now, in Vietnam,
is vital not only to the security of Southeast Asia, but it is vital to
the security of every American.
Surely we have treaties which we must respect.
Surely we have commitments that we are going to keep. Resolutions of the
Congress testify to the need to resist aggression in the world and in Southeast
Asia.
But the heart of our involvement in South Vietnam--under
three different presidents, three separate administrations--has always
been America's own security.
And the larger purpose of our involvement has
always been to help the nations of Southeast Asia become independent and
stand alone, self-sustaining, as members of a great world community--at
peace with themselves, and at peace with all others.
With such an Asia, our country--and the world--will
be far more secure than it is tonight.
I believe that a peaceful Asia is far nearer
to reality because of what America has done in Vietnam. I believe that
the men who endure the dangers of battle--fighting there for us tonight--are
helping the entire world avoid far greater conflicts, far wider wars, far
more destruction, than this one.
The peace that will bring them home someday
will come. Tonight I have offered the first in what I hope will be a series
of mutual moves toward peace.
I pray that it will not be rejected by the
leaders of North Vietnam. I pray that they will accept it as a means by
which the sacrifices of their own people may be ended. And I ask your help
and your support, my fellow citizens, for this effort to reach across the
battlefield toward an early peace.
Finally, my fellow Americans, let me say this:
Of those to whom much is given, much is asked.
I cannot say and no man could say that no more will be asked of us.
Yet, I believe that now, no less than when
the decade began, this generation of Americans is willing to "pay
any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose
any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty."
Since those words were spoken by John F. Kennedy,
the people of America have kept that compact with mankind's noblest cause.
And we shall continue to keep it.
Yet, I believe that we must always be mindful
of this one thing, whatever the trials and the tests ahead. The ultimate
strength of our country and our cause will lie not in powerful weapons
or infinite resources or boundless wealth, but will lie in the unity of
our people.
This I believe very deeply.
Throughout my entire public career I have followed
the personal philosophy that I am a free man, an American, a public servant,
and a member of my party, in that order always and only.
For 37 years in the service of our Nation,
first as a Congressman, as a Senator, and as Vice President, and now as
your President, I have put the unity of the people first. I have put it
ahead of any divisive partisanship.
And in these times as in times before, it is
true that a house divided against itself by the spirit of faction, of party,
of region, of religion, of race, is a house that cannot stand.
There is division in the American house now.
There is divisiveness among us all tonight. And holding the trust that
is mine, as President of all the people, I cannot disregard the peril to
the progress of the American people and the hope and the prospect of peace
for all peoples.
So, I would ask all Americans, whatever their
personal interests or concern, to guard against divisiveness and all its
ugly consequences.
Fifty-two months and 10 days ago, in a moment
of tragedy and trauma, the duties of this office fell upon me. I asked
then for your help and God's, that we might continue America on its course,
binding up our wounds, healing our history, moving forward in new unity,
to clear the American agenda and to keep the American commitment for all
of our people.
United we have kept that commitment. United
we have enlarged that commitment.
Through all time to come, I think America will
be a stronger nation, a more just society, and a land of greater opportunity
and fulfillment because of what we have all done together in these years
of unparalleled achievement.
Our reward will come in the life of freedom,
peace, and hope that our children will enjoy through ages ahead.
What we won when all of our people united just
must not now be lost in suspicion, distrust, selfishness, and politics
among any of our people.
Believing this as I do, I have concluded that
I should not permit the Presidency to become involved in the partisan divisions
that are developing in this political year.
With America's sons in the fields far away,
with America's future under challenge right here at home, with our hopes
and the world's hopes for peace in the balance every day, I do not believe
that I should devote an hour or a day of my time to any personal partisan
causes or to any duties other than the awesome duties of this office--the
Presidency of your country.
Accordingly, I shall not seek, and I will not
accept, the nomination of my party for another term as your President.
But let men everywhere know, however, that
a strong, a confident, and a vigilant America stands ready tonight to seek
an honorable peace--and stands ready tonight to defend an honored cause--whatever
the price, whatever the burden, whatever the sacrifice that duty may require.
Thank you for listening.
Good night and God bless all of you.
President Lyndon B. Johnson - March 31, 1968

35. Chief Joseph
          of the Nez Perce - On Surrender to US Army (1877)
Tell General Howard I know his heart. What he told me before, I have
it in my heart. I am tired of fighting. Our Chiefs are killed; Looking
Glass is dead, Ta Hool Hool Shute is dead. The old men are all dead. It
is the young men who say yes or no. He who led on the young men is dead.
It is cold, and we have no blankets; the little children are freezing to
death. My people, some of them, have run away to the hills, and have no
blankets, no food. No one knows where they are - perhaps freezing to death.
I want to have time to look for my children, and see how many of them I
can find. Maybe I shall find them among the dead. Hear me, my Chiefs! I
am tired; my heart is sick and sad. From where the sun now stands I will
fight no more forever.
Chief Joseph - Thunder Traveling to the Loftier Mountain Heights
- 1877

36. John F. Kennedy
          - Inaugural Address (1961)
Vice President Johnson, Mr. Speaker, Mr. Chief Justice, President Eisenhower,
Vice President Nixon, President Truman, reverend clergy, fellow citizens,
we observe today not a victory of party, but a celebration of freedom --
symbolizing an end, as well as a beginning -- signifying renewal, as well
as change. For I have sworn before you and Almighty God the same solemn
oath our forebears prescribed nearly a century and three quarters ago.
The world is very different now. For man holds in his mortal hands
the power to abolish all forms of human poverty and all forms of human
life. And yet the same revolutionary beliefs for which our forebears fought
are still at issue around the globe -- the belief that the rights of man
come not from the generosity of the state, but from the hand of God.
We dare not forget today that we are the heirs of that first revolution.
Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike,
that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans,  born
in this century, tempered by war, disciplined by a hard and bitter peace,
proud of our ancient heritage and unwilling to witness or permit the
slow undoing of those human rights to which this Nation has always been
committed, and to which we are committed today at home and around the world.
Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we
shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend,
oppose any foe, to assure the survival and the success of liberty.
This much we pledge and more.
To those old allies whose cultural and spiritual origins we share,
we pledge the loyalty of faithful friends. United, there is little we cannot
do in a host of cooperative ventures. Divided, there is little we can do
-- for we dare not meet a powerful challenge at odds and split asunder.
To those new States whom we welcome to the ranks of the free, we
pledge our word that one form of colonial control shall not have passed
away merely to be replaced by a far more iron tyranny. We shall not always
expect to find them supporting our view. But we shall always hope to find
them strongly supporting their own freedom -- and to remember that, in
the past, those who foolishly sought power by riding the back of the tiger
ended up inside.
To those peoples in the huts and villages across the globe struggling
to break the bonds of mass misery, we pledge our best efforts to help them
help themselves, for whatever period is required, not because the Communists
may be doing it, not because we seek their votes, but because it is right.
If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the
few who are rich.
To our sister republics south of our border, we offer a special pledge
-- to convert our good words into good deeds in a new alliance for progress -- to
assist free men and free governments in casting off the chains of poverty.
But this peaceful revolution of hope cannot become the prey of hostile
powers. Let all our neighbors know that we shall join with them to oppose
aggression or subversion anywhere in the Americas. And let every other
power know that this Hemisphere intends to remain the master of its own
house.
To that world assembly of sovereign states, the United Nations, our
last best hope in an age where the instruments of war have far outpaced
the instruments of peace, we renew our pledge of support -- to prevent
it from becoming merely a forum for invective -- to strengthen its shield
of the new and the weak and to enlarge the area in which its writ may
run.
Finally, to those nations who would make themselves our adversary,
we offer not a pledge but a request -- that both sides begin anew the quest
for peace, before the dark powers of destruction unleashed by science engulf
all humanity in planned or accidental self-destruction.
We dare not tempt them with weakness. For only when our arms are
sufficient beyond doubt can we be certain beyond doubt that they will never
be employed.
But neither can two great and powerful groups of nations take comfort
from our present course -- both sides overburdened by the cost of modern
weapons, both rightly alarmed by the steady spread of the deadly atom,
yet both racing to alter that uncertain balance of terror that stays the
hand of mankind's final war.
So let us begin anew, remembering on both sides that civility is
not a sign of weakness, and sincerity is always subject to proof. Let us
never negotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to negotiate.
Let both sides explore what problems unite us instead of belaboring
those problems which divide us.
Let both sides, for the first time, formulate serious and precise
proposals for the inspection and control of arms and bring the absolute
power to destroy other nations under the absolute control of all nations.
Let both sides seek to invoke the wonders of science instead of its
terrors. Together let us explore the stars, conquer the deserts, eradicate
disease, tap the ocean depths, and encourage the arts and commerce.
Let both sides unite to heed in all corners of the earth the command
of Isaiah -- to "undo the heavy burdens...and let the oppressed
go free."
And if a beachhead of cooperation may push back the jungle of suspicion,
let both sides join in creating a new endeavor, not a new balance of power,
but a new world of law, where the strong are just and the weak secure and
the peace preserved.
All this will not be finished in the first 100 days. Nor will it
be finished in the first 1,000 days, nor in the life of this administration,
nor even perhaps in our lifetime on this planet. But let us begin.
In your hands, my fellow citizens, more than mine, will rest the
final success or failure of our course. Since this country was founded,
each generation of Americans has been summoned to give testimony to its
national loyalty. The graves of young Americans who answered the call to
service surround the globe.
Now the trumpet summons us again -- not as a call to bear arms, though
arms we need -- not as a call to battle, though embattled we are -- but a call
to bear the burden of a long twilight struggle, year in and year out, "rejoicing
in hope, patient in tribulation" -- a struggle against the common
enemies of man: tyranny, poverty, disease, and war itself.
Can we forge against these enemies a grand and global alliance, North
and South, East and West, that can assure a more fruitful life for all
mankind? Will you join in that historic effort?
In the long history of the world, only a few generations have been
granted the role of defending freedom in its hour of maximum danger. I
do not shrink from this responsibility -- I welcome it. I do not believe
that any of us would exchange places with any other people or any other
generation. The energy, the faith, the devotion which we bring to this
endeavor will light our country and all who serve it -- and the glow from
that fire can truly light the world.
And so, my fellow Americans: ask not what your country can do for
you -- ask what you can do for your country.
My fellow citizens of the world: ask not what America will do for
you, but what together we can do for the freedom of man.
Finally, whether you are citizens of America or citizens of the world,
ask of us here the same high standards of strength and sacrifice which we ask
of you. With a good conscience our only sure reward, with history the final
judge of our deeds, let us go forth to lead the land we love, asking His
blessing and His help, but knowing that here on earth God's work must truly
be our own.
President John F. Kennedy - January 20, 1961

37. John F. Kennedy
          - "We choose to go to the Moon" (1962)
President Pitzer, Mr. Vice President, Governor, Congressman Thomas,
Senator Wiley, and Congressman Miller, Mr. Webb, Mr. Bell, scientists,
distinguished guests, and ladies and gentlemen:
I appreciate your president having made me an honorary visiting professor,
and I will assure you that my first lecture will be very brief.
I am delighted to be here and I'm particularly delighted to be here
on this occasion.
We meet at a college noted for knowledge, in a city noted for progress,
in a state noted for strength, and we stand in need of all three, for we
meet in an hour of change and challenge, in a decade of hope and fear,
in an age of both knowledge and ignorance. The greater our knowledge increases,
the greater our ignorance unfolds.
Despite the striking fact that most of the scientists that the world
has ever known are alive and working today, despite the fact that this
Nation's own scientific manpower is doubling every 12 years in a rate of
growth more than three times that of our population as a whole, despite
that, the vast stretches of the unknown and the unanswered and the unfinished
still far outstrip our collective comprehension.
No man can fully grasp how far and how fast we have come, but condense,
if you will, the 50,000 years of man's recorded history in a time span
of but a half-century. Stated in these terms, we know very little about
the first 40 years, except at the end of them advanced man had learned
to use the skins of animals to cover them. Then about 10 years ago, under
this standard, man emerged from his caves to construct other kinds of shelter.
Only five years ago man learned to write and use a cart with wheels. Christianity
began less than two years ago. The printing press came this year, and then
less than two months ago, during this whole 50-year span of human history,
the steam engine provided a new source of power. Newton explored the meaning
of gravity. Last month electric lights and telephones and automobiles and
airplanes became available. Only last week did we develop penicillin and
television and nuclear power, and now if America's new spacecraft succeeds
in reaching Venus, we will have literally reached the stars before midnight
tonight.
This is a breathtaking pace, and such a pace cannot help but create
new ills as it dispels old, new ignorance, new problems, new dangers. Surely
the opening vistas of space promise high costs and hardships, as well as
high reward.
So it is not surprising that some would have us stay where we are
a little longer to rest, to wait. But this city of Houston, this state
of Texas, this country of the United States was not built by those who
waited and rested and wished to look behind them. This country was conquered
by those who moved forward--and so will space.
William Bradford, speaking in 1630 of the founding of the Plymouth
Bay Colony, said that all great and honorable actions are accompanied with
great difficulties, and both must be enterprised and overcome with answerable
courage.
If this capsule history of our progress teaches us anything, it is
that man, in his quest for knowledge and progress, is determined and cannot
be deterred. The exploration of space will go ahead, whether we join in
it or not, and it is one of the great adventures of all time, and no nation
which expects to be the leader of other nations can expect to stay behind
in this race for space.
Those who came before us made certain that this country rode the
first waves of the industrial revolution, the first waves of modern invention,
and the first wave of nuclear power, and this generation does not intend
to founder in the backwash of the coming age of space. We mean to be a
part of it--we mean to lead it. For the eyes of the world now look into
space, to the moon and to the planets beyond, and we have vowed that we
shall not see it governed by a hostile flag of conquest, but by a banner
of freedom and peace. We have vowed that we shall not see space filled
with weapons of mass destruction, but with instruments of knowledge and
understanding.
Yet the vows of this Nation can only be fulfilled if we in this Nation
are first, and, therefore, we intend to be first. In short, our leadership
in science and industry, our hopes for peace and security, our obligations
to ourselves as well as others, all require us to make this effort, to
solve these mysteries, to solve them for the good of all men, and to become
the world's leading space-faring nation.
We set sail on this new sea because there is new knowledge to be
gained, and new rights to be won, and they must be won and used for the
progress of all people. For space science, like nuclear science and all
technology, has no conscience of its own. Whether it will become a force
for good or ill depends on man, and only if the United States occupies
a position of pre-eminence can we help decide whether this new ocean will
be a sea of peace or a new terrifying theater of war. I do not say that
we should or will go unprotected against the hostile misuse of space any
more than we go unprotected against the hostile use of land or sea, but
I do say that space can be explored and mastered without feeding the fires
of war, without repeating the mistakes that man has made in extending his
writ around this globe of ours.
There is no strife, no prejudice, no national conflict in outer space
as yet. Its hazards are hostile to us all. Its conquest deserves the best
of all mankind, and its opportunity for peaceful cooperation many never
come again. But why, some say, the moon? Why choose this as our goal? And
they may well ask why climb the highest mountain? Why, 35 years ago, fly
the Atlantic? Why does Rice play Texas?
We choose to go to the moon. We choose to go to the moon in this
decade and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because
they are hard, because that goal will serve to organize and measure the
best of our energies and skills, because that challenge is one that we
are willing to accept, one we are unwilling to postpone, and one which
we intend to win, and the others, too.
It is for these reasons that I regard the decision last year to shift
our efforts in space from low to high gear as among the most important
decisions that will be made during my incumbency in the office of the Presidency.
In the last 24 hours we have seen facilities now being created for
the greatest and most complex exploration in man's history. We have felt
the ground shake and the air shattered by the testing of a Saturn C-1 booster
rocket, many times as powerful as the Atlas which launched John Glenn,
generating power equivalent to 10,000 automobiles with their accelerators
on the floor. We have seen the site where five F-1 rocket engines, each
one as powerful as all eight engines of the Saturn combined, will be clustered
together to make the advanced Saturn missile, assembled in a new building
to be built at Cape Canaveral as tall as a 48 story structure, as wide
as a city block, and as long as two lengths of this field.
Within these last 19 months at least 45 satellites have circled the
earth. Some 40 of them were made in the United States of America and they
were far more sophisticated and supplied far more knowledge to the people
of the world than those of the Soviet Union.
The Mariner spacecraft now on its way to Venus is the most intricate
instrument in the history of space science. The accuracy of that shot is
comparable to firing a missile from Cape Canaveral and dropping it in this
stadium between the 40-yard lines.
Transit satellites are helping our ships at sea to steer a safer
course. Tiros satellites have given us unprecedented warnings of hurricanes
and storms, and will do the same for forest fires and icebergs.
We have had our failures, but so have others, even if they do not
admit them. And they may be less public.
To be sure, we are behind, and will be behind for some time in manned
flight. But we do not intend to stay behind, and in this decade, we shall
make up and move ahead.
The growth of our science and education will be enriched by new knowledge
of our universe and environment, by new techniques of learning and mapping
and observation, by new tools and computers for industry, medicine, the
home as well as the school. Technical institutions, such as Rice, will
reap the harvest of these gains.
And finally, the space effort itself, while still in its infancy,
has already created a great number of new companies, and tens of thousands
of new jobs. Space and related industries are generating new demands in
investment and skilled personnel, and this city and this state, and this
region, will share greatly in this growth. What was once the furthest outpost
on the old frontier of the West will be the furthest outpost on the new
frontier of science and space. Houston, your city of Houston, with its
Manned Spacecraft Center, will become the heart of a large scientific and
engineering community. During the next 5 years the National Aeronautics
and Space Administration expects to double the number of scientists and
engineers in this area, to increase its outlays for salaries and expenses
to $60 million a year; to invest some $200 million in plant and laboratory
facilities; and to direct or contract for new space efforts over $1 billion
from this center in this city.
To be sure, all this costs us all a good deal of money. This year's
space budget is three times what it was in January 1961, and it is greater
than the space budget of the previous eight years combined. That budget
now stands at $5,400 million a year--a staggering sum, though somewhat
less than we pay for cigarettes and cigars every year. Space expenditures
will soon rise some more, from 40 cents per person per week to more than
50 cents a week for every man, woman and child in the United States, for
we have given this program a high national priority--even though I realize
that this is in some measure an act of faith and vision, for we do not
now know what benefits await us. But if I were to say, my fellow citizens,
that we shall send to the moon, 240,000 miles away from the control station
in Houston, a giant rocket more than 300 feet tall, the length of this
football field, made of new metal alloys, some of which have not yet been
invented, capable of standing heat and stresses several times more than
have ever been experienced, fitted together with a precision better than
the finest watch, carrying all the equipment needed for propulsion, guidance,
control, communications, food and survival, on an untried mission, to an
unknown celestial body, and then return it safely to earth, re-entering
the atmosphere at speeds of over 25,000 miles per hour, causing heat about
half that of the temperature of the sun--almost as hot as it is here today--and
do all this, and do it right, and do it first before this decade is out--then
we must be bold.
I'm the one who is doing all the work, so we just want you to stay
cool for a minute. [laughter]
However, I think we're going to do it, and I think that we must pay
what needs to be paid. I don't think we ought to waste any money, but I
think we ought to do the job. And this will be done in the decade of the
Sixties. It may be done while some of you are still here at school at this
college and university. It will be done during the terms of office of some
of the people who sit here on this platform. But it will be done. And it
will be done before the end of this decade.
And I am delighted that this university is playing a part in putting
a man on the moon as part of a great national effort of the United States
of America.
Many years ago the great British explorer George Mallory, who was
to die on Mount Everest, was asked why did he want to climb it. He said,
"Because it is there."
Well, space is there, and we're going to climb it, and the moon and
the planets are there, and new hopes for knowledge and peace are there.
And, therefore, as we set sail we ask God's blessing on the most hazardous
and dangerous and greatest adventure on which man has ever embarked.
Thank you.
President John F. Kennedy - September 12, 1962

38. John F. Kennedy
          - Cuban Missile Crisis (1962)
Good evening my fellow citizens:
This Government, as promised, has maintained the closest surveillance
of the Soviet Military buildup on the island of Cuba. Within the past week,
unmistakable evidence has established the fact that a series of offensive
missile sites is now in preparation on that imprisoned island. The purpose
of these bases can be none other than to provide a nuclear strike capability
against the Western Hemisphere.
Upon receiving the first preliminary hard information of this nature
last Tuesday morning at 9 a.m., I directed that our surveillance be stepped
up. And having now confirmed and completed our evaluation of the evidence
and our decision on a course of action, this Government feels obliged to
report this new crisis to you in fullest detail.
The characteristics of these new missile sites indicate two distinct
types of installations. Several of them include medium range ballistic
missiles capable of carrying a nuclear warhead for a distance of more than
1,000 nautical miles. Each of these missiles, in short, is capable of striking
Washington, D.C., the Panama Canal, Cape Canaveral, Mexico City, or any
other city in the southeastern part of the United States, in Central America,
or in the Caribbean area.
Additional sites not yet completed appear to be designed for intermediate
range ballistic missiles--capable of traveling more than twice as far--and
thus capable of striking most of the major cities in the Western Hemisphere,
ranging as far north as Hudson Bay, Canada, and as far south as Lima, Peru.
In addition, jet bombers, capable of carrying nuclear weapons, are now
being uncrated and assembled in Cuba, while the necessary air bases are
being prepared.
This urgent transformation of Cuba into an important strategic base--by
the presence of these large, long range, and clearly offensive weapons
of sudden mass destruction--constitutes an explicit threat to the peace
and security of all the Americas, in flagrant and deliberate defiance of
the Rio Pact of 1947, the traditions of this Nation and hemisphere, the
joint resolution of the 87th Congress, the Charter of the United Nations,
and my own public warnings to the Soviets on September 4 and 13. This action
also contradicts the repeated assurances of Soviet spokesmen, both publicly
and privately delivered, that the arms buildup in Cuba would retain its
original defensive character, and that the Soviet Union had no need or
desire to station strategic missiles on the territory of any other nation.
The size of this undertaking makes clear that it has been planned
for some months. Yet only last month, after I had made clear the distinction
between any introduction of ground-to-ground missiles and the existence
of defensive antiaircraft missiles, the Soviet Government publicly stated
on September 11, and I quote, "the armaments and military equipment
sent to Cuba are designed exclusively for defensive purposes," that,
and I quote the Soviet Government, "there is no need for the Soviet
Government to shift its weapons . . . for a retaliatory blow to any other
country, for instance Cuba," and that, and I quote their government,
"the Soviet Union has so powerful rockets to carry these nuclear warheads
that there is no need to search for sites for them beyond the boundaries
of the Soviet Union." That statement was false.
Only last Thursday, as evidence of this rapid offensive buildup was
already in my hand, Soviet Foreign Minister Gromyko told me in my office
that he was instructed to make it clear once again, as he said his government
had already done, that Soviet assistance to Cuba, and I quote, "pursued
solely the purpose of contributing to the the defense capabilities of Cuba,"
that, and I quote him, "training by Soviet specialists of Cuban nationals
in handling defensive armaments was by no means offensive, and if it were
otherwise," Mr. Gromyko went on, "the Soviet Government would
never become involved in rendering such assistance." That statement
also was false.
Neither the United States of America nor the world community of nations
can tolerate deliberate deception and offensive threats on the part of
any nation, large or small. We no longer live in a world where only the
actual firing of weapons represents a sufficient challenge to a nation's
security to constitute maximum peril. Nuclear weapons are so destructive
and ballistic missiles are so swift, that any substantially increased possibility
of their use or any sudden change in their deployment may well be regarded
as a definite threat to peace.
For many years both the Soviet Union and the United States, recognizing
this fact, have deployed strategic nuclear weapons with great care, never
upsetting the precarious status quo which insured that these weapons would
not be used in the absence of some vital challenge. Our own strategic missiles
have never been transferred to the territory of any other nation under
a cloak of secrecy and deception; and our history--unlike that of the Soviets
since the end of World War II--demonstrates that we have no desire to dominate
or conquer any other nation or impose our system upon its people. Nevertheless,
American citizens have become adjusted to living daily on the Bull's-eye
of Soviet missiles located inside the U.S.S.R. or in submarines.
In that sense, missiles in Cuba add to an already clear and present
danger--although it should be noted the nations of Latin America have never
previously been subjected to a potential nuclear threat.
But this secret, swift, and extraordinary buildup of Communist missiles--in
an area well known to have a special and historical relationship to the
United States and the nations of the Western Hemisphere, in violation of
Soviet assurances, and in defiance of American and hemispheric policy--this
sudden, clandestine decision to station strategic weapons for the first
time outside of Soviet soil--is a deliberately provocative and unjustified
change in the status quo which cannot be accepted by this country, if our
courage and our commitments are ever to be trusted again by either friend
or foe.
The 1930's taught us a clear lesson: aggressive conduct, if allowed
to go unchecked and unchallenged ultimately leads to war. This nation is
opposed to war. We are also true to our word. Our unswerving objective,
therefore, must be to prevent the use of these missiles against this or
any other country, and to secure their withdrawal or elimination from the
Western Hemisphere.
Our policy has been one of patience and restraint, as befits a peaceful
and powerful nation, which leads a worldwide alliance. We have been determined
not to be diverted from our central concerns by mere irritants and fanatics.
But now further action is required--and it is under way; and these actions
may only be the beginning. We will not prematurely or unnecessarily risk
the costs of worldwide nuclear war in which even the fruits of victory
would be ashes in our mouth--but neither will we shrink from that risk
at any time it must be faced.
Acting, therefore, in the defense of our own security and of the
entire Western Hemisphere, and under the authority entrusted to me by the
Constitution as endorsed by the resolution of the Congress, I have directed
that the following initial steps be taken immediately:
First: To halt this offensive buildup, a strict quarantine on all
offensive military equipment under shipment to Cuba is being initiated.
All ships of any kind bound for Cuba from whatever nation or port will,
if found to contain cargoes of offensive weapons, be turned back. This
quarantine will be extended, if needed, to other types of cargo and carriers.
We are not at this time, however, denying the necessities of life as the
Soviets attempted to do in their Berlin blockade of 1948.
Second: I have directed the continued and increased close surveillance
of Cuba and its military buildup. The foreign ministers of the OAS, in
their communique of October 6, rejected secrecy in such matters in this
hemisphere. Should these offensive military preparations continue, thus
increasing the threat to the hemisphere, further action will be justified.
I have directed the Armed Forces to prepare for any eventualities; and
I trust that in the interest of both the Cuban people and the Soviet technicians
at the sites, the hazards to all concerned in continuing this threat will
be recognized.
Third: It shall be the policy of this Nation to regard any nuclear
missile launched from Cuba against any nation in the Western Hemisphere
as an attack by the Soviet Union on the United States, requiring a full
retaliatory response upon the Soviet Union.
Fourth: As a necessary military precaution, I have reinforced our
base at Guantanamo, evacuated today the dependents of our personnel there,
and ordered additional military units to be on a standby alert basis.
Fifth: We are calling tonight for an immediate meeting of the Organ
of Consultation under the Organization of American States, to consider
this threat to hemispheric security and to invoke articles 6 and 8 of the
Rio Treaty in support of all necessary action. The United Nations Charter
allows for regional security arrangements--and the nations of this hemisphere
decided long ago against the military presence of outside powers. Our other
allies around the world have also been alerted.
Sixth: Under the Charter of the United Nations, we are asking tonight
that an emergency meeting of the Security Council be convoked without delay
to take action against this latest Soviet threat to world peace. Our resolution
will call for the prompt dismantling and withdrawal of all offensive weapons
in Cuba, under the supervision of U.N. observers, before the quarantine
can be lifted.
Seventh and finally: I call upon Chairman Khrushchev to halt and
eliminate this clandestine, reckless and provocative threat to world peace
and to stable relations between our two nations. I call upon him further
to abandon this course of world domination, and to join in an historic
effort to end the perilous arms race and to transform the history of man.
He has an opportunity now to move the world back from the abyss of destruction--by
returning to his government's own words that it had no need to station
missiles outside its own territory, and withdrawing these weapons from
Cuba--by refraining from any action which will widen or deepen the present
crisis--and then by participating in a search for peaceful and permanent
solutions.
This Nation is prepared to present its case against the Soviet threat
to peace, and our own proposals for a peaceful world, at any time and in
any forum--in the OAS, in the United Nations, or in any other meeting that
could be useful--without limiting our freedom of action. We have in the
past made strenuous efforts to limit the spread of nuclear weapons. We
have proposed the elimination of all arms and military bases in a fair
and effective disarmament treaty. We are prepared to discuss new proposals
for the removal of tensions on both sides--including the possibility of
a genuinely independent Cuba, free to determine its own destiny. We have
no wish to war with the Soviet Union--for we are a peaceful people who
desire to live in peace with all other peoples.
But it is difficult to settle or even discuss these problems in an
atmosphere of intimidation. That is why this latest Soviet threat--or any
other threat which is made independently or in response to our actions
this week--must and will be met with determination. Any hostile move anywhere
in the world against the safety and freedom of peoples to whom we are committed--including
in particular the brave people of West Berlin--will be met by whatever
action is needed.
Finally, I want to say a few words to the captive people of Cuba,
to whom this speech is being directly carried by special radio facilities.
I speak to you as a friend, as one who knows of your deep attachment to
your fatherland, as one who shares your aspirations for liberty and justice
for all. And I have watched and the American people have watched with deep
sorrow how your nationalist revolution was betrayed-- and how your fatherland
fell under foreign domination. Now your leaders are no longer Cuban leaders
inspired by Cuban ideals. They are puppets and agents of an international
conspiracy which has turned Cuba against your friends and neighbors in
the Americas--and turned it into the first Latin American country to become
a target for nuclear war--the first Latin American country to have these
weapons on its soil.
These new weapons are not in your interest. They contribute nothing
to your peace and well-being. They can only undermine it. But this country
has no wish to cause you to suffer or to impose any system upon you. We
know that your lives and land are being used as pawns by those who deny
your freedom.
Many times in the past, the Cuban people have risen to throw out
tyrants who destroyed their liberty. And I have no doubt that most Cubans
today look forward to the time when they will be truly free--free from
foreign domination, free to choose their own leaders, free to select their
own system, free to own their own land, free to speak and write and worship
without fear or degradation. And then shall Cuba be welcomed back to the
society of free nations and to the associations of this hemisphere.
My fellow citizens: let no one doubt that this is a difficult and
dangerous effort on which we have set out. No one can see precisely what
course it will take or what costs or casualties will be incurred. Many
months of sacrifice and self-discipline lie ahead--months in which our
patience and our will will be tested--months in which many threats and
denunciations will keep us aware of our dangers. But the greatest danger
of all would be to do nothing.
The path we have chosen for the present is full of hazards, as all
paths are--but it is the one most consistent with our character and courage
as a nation and our commitments around the world. The cost of freedom is
always high--and Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never
choose, and that is the path of surrender or submission.
Our goal is not the victory of might, but the vindication of right-
-not peace at the expense of freedom, but both peace and freedom, here
in this hemisphere, and, we hope, around the world. God willing, that goal
will be achieved.
Thank you and good night.
President John F. Kennedy - October 22, 1962

39. John F.
          Kennedy - "Ich bin ein Berliner" (1963)
I am proud to come to this city as the guest of your distinguished
Mayor, who has symbolized throughout the world the fighting spirit of West
Berlin. And I am proud to visit the Federal Republic with your distinguished
Chancellor who for so many years has committed Germany to democracy and
freedom and progress, and to come here in the company of my fellow American,
General Clay, who has been in this city during its great moments of crisis
and will come again if ever needed.
Two thousand years ago the proudest boast was "civis Romanus
sum." Today, in the world of freedom, the proudest boast is "Ich
bin ein Berliner."
I appreciate my interpreter translating my German!
There are many people in the world who really don't understand, or
say they don't, what is the great issue between the free world and the
Communist world. Let them come to Berlin. There are some who say that communism
is the wave of the future. Let them come to Berlin. And there are some
who say in Europe and elsewhere we can work with the Communists. Let them
come to Berlin. And there are even a few who say that it is true that communism
is an evil system, but it permits us to make economic progress. Lass' sie
nach Berlin kommen. Let them come to Berlin.
Freedom has many difficulties and democracy is not perfect, but we
have never had to put a wall up to keep our people in, to prevent them
from leaving us. I want to say, on behalf of my countrymen, who live many
miles away on the other side of the Atlantic, who are far distant from
you, that they take the greatest pride that they have been able to share
with you, even from a distance, the story of the last 18 years. I know
of no town, no city, that has been besieged for 18 years that still lives
with the vitality and the force, and the hope and the determination of
the city of West Berlin. While the wall is the most obvious and vivid demonstration
of the failures of the Communist system, for all the world to see, we take
no satisfaction in it, for it is, as your Mayor has said, an offense not
only against history but an offense against humanity, separating families,
dividing husbands and wives and brothers and sisters, and dividing a people
who wish to be joined together.
What is true of this city is true of Germany--real, lasting peace
in Europe can never be assured as long as one German out of four is denied
the elementary right of free men, and that is to make a free choice. In
18 years of peace and good faith, this generation of Germans has earned
the right to be free, including the right to unite their families and their
nation in lasting peace, with good will to all people. You live in a defended
island of freedom, but your life is part of the main. So let me ask you
as I close, to lift your eyes beyond the dangers of today, to the hopes
of tomorrow, beyond the freedom merely of this city of Berlin, or your
country of Germany, to the advance of freedom everywhere, beyond the wall
to the day of peace with justice, beyond yourselves and ourselves to all
mankind.
Freedom is indivisible, and when one man is enslaved, all are not
free. When all are free, then we can look forward to that day when this
city will be joined as one and this country and this great Continent of
Europe in a peaceful and hopeful globe. When that day finally comes, as
it will, the people of West Berlin can take sober satisfaction in the fact
that they were in the front lines for almost two decades.
All free men, wherever they may live, are citizens of Berlin, and, therefore,
as a free man, I take pride in the words "Ich bin ein Berliner."
President John F. Kennedy - June 26, 1963

40. Robert F. Kennedy
          - On the Death of Martin Luther King (1968)
Ladies and Gentlemen - I'm only going to talk to you just for a minute
or so this evening. Because...
I have some very sad news for all of you, and I think sad news for
all of our fellow citizens, and people who love peace all over the world,
and that is that Martin Luther King was shot and was killed tonight in
Memphis, Tennessee.
Martin Luther King dedicated his life to love and to justice between
fellow human beings. He died in the cause of that effort. In this difficult
day, in this difficult time for the United States, it's perhaps well to
ask what kind of a nation we are and what direction we want to move in.
For those of you who are black - considering the evidence evidently
is that there were white people who were responsible - you can be filled
with bitterness, and with hatred, and a desire for revenge.
We can move in that direction as a country, in greater polarization
- black people amongst blacks, and white amongst whites, filled with hatred
toward one another. Or we can make an effort, as Martin Luther King did,
to understand and to comprehend, and replace that violence, that stain
of bloodshed that has spread across our land, with an effort to understand,
compassion and love.
For those of you who are black and are tempted to be filled with
hatred and mistrust of the injustice of such an act, against all white
people, I would only say that I can also feel in my own heart the same
kind of feeling. I had a member of my family killed, but he was killed
by a white man.
But we have to make an effort in the United States, we have to make
an effort to understand, to get beyond these rather difficult times.
My favorite poet was Aeschylus. He once wrote: "Even in our
sleep, pain which cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart, until,
in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom through the awful grace
of God."
What we need in the United States is not division; what we need in
the United States is not hatred; what we need in the United States is not
violence and lawlessness, but is love and wisdom, and compassion toward
one another, and a feeling of justice toward those who still suffer within
our country, whether they be white or whether they be black.
(Interrupted by applause)
So I ask you tonight to return home, to say a prayer for the family
of Martin Luther King, yeah that's true, but more importantly to say a
prayer for our own country, which all of us love - a prayer for understanding
and that compassion of which I spoke. We can do well in this country. We
will have difficult times. We've had difficult times in the past. And we
will have difficult times in the future. It is not the end of violence;
it is not the end of lawlessness; and it's not the end of disorder.
But the vast majority of white people and the vast majority of black
people in this country want to live together, want to improve the quality
of our life, and want justice for all human beings that abide in our land.
(Interrupted by applause)
Let us dedicate ourselves to what the Greeks wrote so many years
ago: to tame the savageness of man and make gentle the life of this world.
Let us dedicate ourselves to that, and say a prayer for our country
and for our people. Thank you very much. (Applause)
Robert F. Kennedy - April 4, 1968

41. Edward M.
          Kennedy - "The Cause Endures" (1980)
Well, things worked out a little different from the way I thought,
but let me tell you, I still love New York.
My fellow Democrats and my fellow Americans, I have come here tonight
not to argue as a candidate but to affirm a cause. I'm asking you--I am
asking you to renew the commitment of the Democratic Party to economic
justice.
I am asking you to renew our commitment to a fair and lasting prosperity
that can put America back to work.
This is the cause that brought me into the campaign and that sustained
me for nine months across 100,000 miles in 40 different states. We had
our losses, but the pain of our defeats is far, far less than the pain
of the people that I have met.
We have learned that it is important to take issues seriously, but
never to take ourselves too seriously.
The serious issue before us tonight is the cause for which the Democratic
Party has stood in its finest hours, the cause that keeps our Party young
and makes it, in the second century of its age, the largest political party
in this republic and the longest lasting political party on this planet.
Our cause has been, since the days of Thomas Jefferson, the cause
of the common man and the common woman.
Our commitment has been, since the days of Andrew Jackson, to all
those he called "the humble members of society--the farmers, mechanics,
and laborers." On this foundation we have defined our values, refined
our policies and refreshed our faith.
Now I take the unusual step of carrying the cause and the commitment
of my campaign personally to our national convention. I speak out of a
deep sense of urgency about the anguish and anxiety I have seen across
America.
I speak out of a deep belief in the ideals of the Democratic Party,
and in the potential of that Party and of a President to make a difference.
And I speak out of a deep trust in our capacity to proceed with boldness
and a common vision that will feel and heal the suffering of our time and
the divisions of our Party.
The economic plank of this platform on its face concerns only material
things, but it is also a moral issue that I raise tonight. It has taken
many forms over many years. In this campaign and in this country that we
seek to lead, the challenge in 1980 is to give our voice and our vote for
these fundamental democratic principles.
Let us pledge that we will never misuse unemployment, high interest
rates, and human misery as false weapons against inflation.
Let us pledge that employment will be the first priority of our economic
policy.
Let us pledge that there will be security for all those who are now
at work, and let us pledge that there will be jobs for all who are out
of work; and we will not compromise on the issue of jobs.
These are not simplistic pledges. Simply put, they are the heart
of our tradition, and they have been the soul of our Party across the generations.
It is the glory and the greatness of our tradition to speak for those who
have no voice, to remember those who are forgotten, to respond to the frustrations
and fulfill the aspirations of all Americans seeking a better life in a
better land.
We dare not forsake that tradition. We cannot let the great purposes
of the Democratic Party become the bygone passages of history.
We must not permit the Republicans to seize and run on the slogans
of prosperity. We heard the orators at their convention all trying to talk
like Democrats. They proved that even Republican nominees can quote Franklin
Roosevelt to their own purpose.
The Grand Old Party thinks it has found a great new trick, but 40
years ago an earlier generation of Republicans attempted the same trick.
And Franklin Roosevelt himself replied, "Most Republican leaders have
bitterly fought and blocked the forward surge of average men and women
in their pursuit of happiness. Let us not be deluded that overnight those
leaders have suddenly become the friends of average men and women."
"You know," he continued, "very few of us are that
gullible." And four years later when the Republicans tried that trick
again, Franklin Roosevelt asked "Can the Old Guard pass itself off
as the New Deal? I think not. We have all seen many marvelous stunts in
the circus, but no performing elephant could turn a handspring without
falling flat on its back."
The 1980 Republican convention was awash with crocodile tears for
our economic distress, but it is by their long record and not their recent
words that you shall know them.
The same Republicans who are talking about the crisis of unemployment
have nominated a man who once said, and I quote, "Unemployment insurance
is a prepaid vacation plan for freeloaders." And that nominee is no
friend of labor.
The same Republicans who are talking about the problems of the inner
cities have nominated a man who said, and I quote, "I have included
in my morning and evening prayers every day the prayer that the Federal
Government not bail out New York." And that nominee is no friend of
this city and our great urban centers across this Nation.
The same Republicans who are talking about security for the elderly
have nominated a man who said just four years ago that "Participation
in social security should be made voluntary." And that nominee is
no friend of the senior citizens of this Nation.
The same Republicans who are talking about preserving the environment
have nominated a man who last year made the preposterous statement, and
I quote, "Eighty percent of our air pollution comes from plants and
trees."
And that nominee is no friend of the environment.
And the same Republicans who are invoking Franklin Roosevelt have
nominated a man who said in 1976, and these are his exact words, "Fascism
was really the basis of the New Deal." And that nominee whose name
is Ronald Reagan has no right to quote Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
The great adventures which our opponents offer is a voyage into the
past. Progress is our heritage, not theirs. What is right for us as Democrats
is also the right way for Democrats to win.
The commitment I seek is not to outworn views but to old values that
will never wear out. Programs may sometimes become obsolete, but the ideal
of fairness always endures.
Circumstances may change, but the work of compassion must continue.
It is surely correct that we cannot solve problems by throwing money at
them, but it is also correct that we dare not throw out our national problems
onto a scrap heap of inattention and indifference. The poor may be out
of political fashion, but they are not without human needs. The middle
class may be angry, but they have not lost the dream that all Americans
can advance together.
The demand of our people in 1980 is not for smaller government or
bigger government but for better government. Some say that government is
always bad and that spending for basic social programs is the root of our
economic evils. But we reply: The present inflation and recession cost
our economy $200 billion a year. We reply: Inflation and unemployment are
the biggest spenders of all.
The task of leadership in 1980 is not to parade scapegoats or to
seek refuge in reaction, but to match our power to the possibilities of
progress. While others talked of free enterprise, it was the Democratic
Party that acted and we ended excessive regulation in the airline and trucking
industry and we restored competition to the marketplace. And I take some
satisfaction that this deregulation was legislation that I sponsored and
passed in the Congress of the United States.
As Democrats we recognize that each generation of Americans has a
rendezvous with a different reality. The answers of one generation become
the questions of the next generation. But there is a guiding star in the
American firmament. It is as old as the revolutionary belief that all people
are created equal, and as clear as the contemporary condition of Liberty
City and the South Bronx.
Again and again Democratic leaders have followed that star and they
have given new meaning to the old values of liberty and justice for all.
We are the party. We are the party of the New Freedom, the New Deal
and the New Frontier. We have always been the party of hope. So this year
let us offer new hope, new hope to an America uncertain about the present,
but unsurpassed in its potential for the future.
To all those who are idle in the cities and industries of America
let us provide new hope for the dignity of useful work. Democrats have
always believed that a basic civil right of all Americans is their right
to earn their own way. The party of the people must always be the party
of full employment. To all those who doubt the future of our economy, let
us provide new hope for the reindustrialization of America. And let our
vision reach beyond the next election or the next year to a new generation
of prosperity. If we could rebuild Germany and Japan after World War II,
then surely we can reindustrialize our own nation and revive our inner
cities in the 1980s.
To all those who work hard for a living wage let us provide new hope
that the price of their employment shall not be an unsafe workplace and
a death at an earlier age.
To all those who inhabit our land from California to the New York
Island, from the Redwood Forest to the Gulfstream waters, let us provide
new hope that prosperity shall not be purchased by poisoning the air, the
rivers and the natural resources that are the greatest gift of this continent.
We must insist that our children and our grandchildren shall inherit
a land which they can truly call America the beautiful.
To all those who see the worth of their work and their savings taken
by inflation, let us offer new hope for a stable economy. We must meet
the pressures of the present by invoking the full power of government to
master increasing prices.
In candor, we must say that the Federal budget can be balanced only
by policies that bring us to a balanced prosperity of full employment and
price restraint.
And to all those overburdened by an unfair tax structure, let us
provide new hope for real tax reform. Instead of shutting down classrooms,
let us shut off tax shelters.
Instead of cutting out school lunches, let us cut off tax subsidies
for expensive business lunches that are nothing more than food stamps for
the rich.
The tax cut of our Republican opponents takes the name of tax reform
in vain. It is a wonderfully Republican idea that would redistribute income
in the wrong direction. It is good news for any of you with incomes over
$200,000 a year. For the few of you, it offers a pot of gold worth $14,000.
But the Republican tax cut is bad news for the middle income families.
For the many of you, they plan a pittance of $200 a year, and that
is not what the Democratic Party means when we say tax reform.
The vast majority of Americans cannot afford this panacea from a
Republican nominee who has denounced the progressive income tax as the
invention of Karl Marx. I am afraid he has confused Karl Marx with Theodore
Roosevelt--that obscure Republican president who sought and fought for
a tax system based on ability to pay. Theodore Roosevelt was not Karl Marx,
and the Republican tax scheme is not tax reform.
Finally, we cannot have a fair prosperity in isolation from a fair
society. So I will continue to stand for a national health insurance.
We must not surrender to the relentless medical inflation that can
bankrupt almost anyone and that may soon break the budgets of government
at every level. Let us insist on real control over what doctors and hospitals
can charge, and let us resolve that the state of a family's health shall
never depend on the size of a family's wealth.
The President, the Vice President, the members of Congress have a
medical plan that meets their needs in full, and whenever senators and
representatives catch a little cold, the Capitol physician will see them
immediately, treat them promptly, fill a prescription on the spot. We do
not get a bill even if we ask for it, and when do you think was the last
time a member of Congress asked for a bill from the Federal Government?
I say again, as I have before, if health insurance is good enough
for the President, the Vice President and the Congress of the United States,
then it is good enough for you and every family in America.
There were some who said we should be silent about our differences
on issues during this convention, but the heritage of the Democratic Party
has been a history of democracy. We fight hard because we care deeply about
our principles and purposes. We did not flee this struggle. We welcome
the contrast with the empty and expedient spectacle last month in Detroit
where no nomination was contested, no question was debated, and no one
dared to raise any doubt or dissent.
Democrats can be proud that we chose a different course and a different
platform. We can be proud that our Party stands for investment in safe
energy instead of a nuclear future that may threaten the future itself.
We must not permit the neighborhoods of America to be permanently
shadowed by the fear of another Three Mile Island.
We can be proud that our Party stands for a fair housing law to unlock
the doors of discrimination once and for all. The American house will be
divided against itself so long as there is prejudice against any American
buying or renting a home.
And we can be proud that our Party stands plainly and publicly and
persistently for the ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment.
Women hold their rightful place at our convention, and women must
have their rightful place in the Constitution of the United States. On
this issue we will not yield, we will not equivocate, we will not rationalize,
explain or excuse. We will stand for E.R.A. and for the recognition at
long last that our nation was made up of founding mothers as well as founding
fathers.
A fair prosperity and a just society are within our vision and our
grasp, and we do not have every answer. There are questions not yet asked,
waiting for us in the recesses of the future, but of this much we can be
certain because it is the lesson of all our history: Together a president
and the people can make a difference. I have found that faith still alive
wherever I have traveled across this land. So let us reject the counsel
of retreat and the call to reaction. Let us go forward in the knowledge
that history only helps those who help themselves.
There will be setbacks and sacrifices in the years ahead but I am
convinced that we as a people are ready to give something back to our country
in return for all it has given to us.
Let this be our commitment: Whatever sacrifices must be made will
be shared and shared fairly. And let this be our confidence: At the end
of our journey and always before us shines that ideal of liberty and justice
for all.
In closing, let me say a few words to all those that I have met and
to all those who have supported me, at this convention and across the country.
There were hard hours on our journey, and often we sailed against the wind.
But always we kept our rudder true, and there were so many of you who stayed
the course and shared our hope. You gave your help, but even more, you
gave your hearts.
Because of you, this has been a happy campaign. You welcomed Joan,
me and our family into your homes and neighborhoods, your churches, your
campuses, your union halls. When I think back of all the miles and all
the months and all the memories, I think of you. I recall the poet's words,
and I say: What golden friends I have.
Among you, my golden friends across this land, I have listened and
learned.
I have listened to Kenny Dubois, a glassblower in Charleston, West
Virginia, who has ten children to support but has lost his job after 35
years, just three years short of qualifying for his pension.
I have listened to the Trachta family who farm in Iowa and who wonder
whether they can pass the good life and the good earth on to their children.
I have listened to the grandmother in East Oakland who no longer
has a phone to call her grandchildren because she gave it up to pay the
rent on her small apartment.
I have listened to young workers out of work, to students without
the tuition for college, and to families without the chance to own a home.
I have seen the closed factories and the stalled assembly lines of Anderson,
Indiana and South Gate, California, and I have seen too many, far too many
idle men and women desperate to work. I have seen too many, far too many
working families desperate to protect the value of their wages from the
ravages of inflation.
Yet I have also sensed a yearning for new hope among the people in
every state where I have been. And I have felt it in their handshakes,
I saw it in their faces, and I shall never forget the mothers who carried
children to our rallies. I shall always remember the elderly who have lived
in an America of high purpose and who believe that it can all happen again.
Tonight, in their name, I have come here to speak for them. And for
their sake, I ask you to stand with them. On their behalf I ask you to
restate and reaffirm the timeless truth of our Party.
I congratulate President Carter on his victory here.
I am confident that the Democratic Party will reunite on the basis
of Democratic principles, and that together we will march towards a Democratic
victory in 1980.
And someday, long after this convention, long after the signs come
down, and the crowds stop cheering, and the bands stop playing, may it
be said of our campaign that we kept the faith. May it be said of our Party
in 1980 that we found our faith again.
And may it be said of us, both in dark passages and in bright days,
in the words of Tennyson that my brothers quoted and loved, and that have
special meaning for me now:
"I am a part of all that I have met....
Tho much is taken, much abides....
That which we are, we are--
One equal temper of heroic hearts,
...strong
in will
To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield."
For me, a few hours ago, this campaign came to an end. For all those
whose cares have been our concern, the work goes on, the cause endures,
the hope still lives, and the dream shall never die.
Senator Edward M. Kennedy - August 12, 1980

42. Edward
          M. Kennedy - Tribute to John F. Kennedy Jr. (1999)
Thank you, President and Mrs. Clinton and Chelsea, for being here
today. You've shown extraordinary kindness throughout the course of this
week.
Once, when they asked John what he would do if he went into politics
and was elected president, he said: "I guess the first thing is to
call up Uncle Teddy and gloat." I loved that. It was so like his father.
From the first day of his life, John seemed to belong not only to
our family, but to the American family. The whole world knew his name before
he did.
A famous photograph showed John racing across the lawn as his father
landed in the White House helicopter and swept up John in his arms. When
my brother saw that photo, he exclaimed, "Every mother in the United
States is saying, 'Isn't it wonderful to see that love between a son and
his father, the way that John races to be with his father?' Little do they
know -- that son would have raced right by his father to get to that helicopter."
But John was so much more than those long-ago images emblazoned in
our minds. He was a boy who grew into a man with a zest for life and a
love of adventure. He was a Pied Piper who brought us all along. He was
blessed with a father and mother who never thought anything mattered more
than their children.
When they left the White House, Jackie's soft and gentle voice and
unbreakable strength of spirit guided him surely and securely to the future.
He had a legacy, and he learned to treasure it. He was part of a legend,
and he learned to live with it. Above all, Jackie gave him a place to be
himself, to grow up, to laugh and cry, to dream and strive on his own.
John learned that lesson well. He had amazing grace. He accepted
who he was, but he cared more about what he could and should become. He
saw things that could be lost in the glare of the spotlight. And he could
laugh at the absurdity of too much pomp and circumstance.
He loved to travel across this city by subway, bicycle and Rollerblade.
He lived as if he were unrecognizable -- although he was known by everyone
he encountered. He always introduced himself rather than take anything
for granted. He drove his own car and flew his own plane, which is how
he wanted it. He was king of his domain.
He thought politics should be an integral part of popular culture
and that popular culture should be an integral part of politics. He transformed
that belief into the creation of George. John shaped and honed a fresh,
often irreverent journal. His new political magazine attracted a new generation,
many of whom had never read about politics before.
John also brought to George a wit that was quick and sure. The premiere
issue of George caused a stir with a cover photograph of Cindy Crawford
dressed as George Washington with a bare belly button. The "Reliable
Source" column in The Washington Post printed a mock cover of George
showing not Cindy Crawford, but me, dressed as George Washington with my
belly button exposed. I suggested to John that perhaps I should have been
the model for the first cover of his magazine. Without missing a beat,
John told me that he stood by his original editorial decision.
John brought this same playful wit to other aspects of his life.
He campaigned for me during my 1994 election and always created a stir
when he arrived in Massachusetts. Before one of his trips to Boston, John
told the campaign he was bringing along a companion, but would need only
one hotel room.
Interested but discreet, a senior campaign worker picked John up
at the airport and prepared to handle any media barrage that might accompany
John's arrival with his mystery companion. John landed with the companion,
all right -- an enormous German shepherd dog named Sam he had just rescued
from the pound.
He loved to talk about the expression on the campaign worker's face
and the reaction of the clerk at the Charles Hotel when John and Sam checked
in.
I think now not only of these wonderful adventures, but of the kind
of person John was. He was the son who quietly gave extraordinary time
and ideas to the Institute of Politics at Harvard that bears his father's
name. He brought to the institute his distinctive insight that politics
could have a broader appeal, that it was not just about elections, but
about the larger forces that shape our whole society.
John was also the son who was once protected by his mother. He went
on to become her pride -- and then her protector in her final days. He
was the Kennedy who loved us all, but who especially cherished his sister,
Caroline, celebrated her brilliance and took strength and joy from their
lifelong mutual admiration society.
And for a thousand days, he was a husband who adored the wife who
became his perfect soul mate. John's father taught us all to reach for
the moon and the stars. John did that in all he did -- and he found his
shining star when he married Carolyn Bessette.
How often our family will think of the two of them, cuddling affectionately
on a boat, surrounded by family -- aunts, uncles, Caroline and Ed and their
children, Rose, Tatiana, and Jack -- Kennedy cousins, Radziwill cousins,
Shriver cousins, Smith cousins, Lawford cousins -- as we sailed Nantucket
Sound.
Then we would come home -- and before dinner, on the lawn where his
father had played, John would lead a spirited game of touch football. And
his beautiful young wife -- the new pride of the Kennedys -- would cheer
for John's team and delight her nieces and nephews with her somersaults.
We loved Carolyn. She and her sister, Lauren, were young, extraordinary
women of high accomplishment -- and their own limitless possibilities.
We mourn their loss and honor their lives. The Bessette and Freeman families
will always be part of ours.
John was a serious man who brightened our lives with his smile and
his grace. He was a son of privilege who founded a program called Reaching
Up to train better caregivers for the mentally disabled.
He joined Wall Street executives on the Robin Hood Foundation to
help the city's impoverished children. And he did it all so quietly, without
ever calling attention to himself.
John was one of Jackie's two miracles. He was still becoming the
person he would be, and doing it by the beat of his own drummer. He had
only just begun. There was in him a great promise of things to come.
The Irish ambassador recited a poem to John's father and mother soon
after John was born. I can hear it again now, at this different and difficult
moment:
'We wish to the new child,
A heart that can be beguiled,
By a flower,
That the wind lifts,
As it passes.
If the storms break for him,
May the trees shake for him,
Their blossoms down.
In the night that he is troubled,
May a friend wake for him,
So that his time may be doubled,
And at the end of all loving and love
May the Man above,
Give him a crown.'
We thank the millions who have rained blossoms down on John's memory.
He and his bride have gone to be with his mother and father, where there
will never be an end to love. He was lost on that troubled night -- but
we will always wake for him, so that his time, which was not doubled, but
cut in half, will live forever in our memory, and in our beguiled and broken
hearts.
We dared to think, in that other Irish phrase, that this John Kennedy
would live to comb gray hair, with his beloved Carolyn by his side. But
like his father, he had every gift but length of years.
We who have loved him from the day he was born, and watched the remarkable
man he became, now bid him farewell.
God bless you, John and Carolyn. We love you and we always will.
Senator Edward M. Kennedy - July 23, 1999

43. Abraham
          Lincoln - The Gettysburg Address (1863)
Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this
continent, a new nation, conceived in liberty, and dedicated to the proposition
that all men are created equal.
Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether that nation,
or any nation so conceived and so dedicated, can long endure. We are met
on a great battlefield of that war. We have come to dedicate a portion
of that field, as a final resting place for those who here gave their lives
that that nation might live. It is altogether fitting and proper that we
should do this.
But in a larger sense, we cannot dedicate - we cannot consecrate
- we cannot hallow - this ground. The brave men, living and dead, who struggled
here, have consecrated it, far above our poor power to add or detract.
The world will little note, nor long remember, what we say here, but it
can never forget what they did here. It is for us the living, rather, to
be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who fought here have
thus far so nobly advanced. It is rather for us to be here dedicated to
the great task remaining before us - that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full
measure of devotion - that we here highly resolve that these dead shall
not have died in vain - that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth
of freedom - and that government of the people, by the people, for the
people, shall not perish from the earth.
President Abraham Lincoln - November 19, 1863

44. Abraham
          Lincoln - Second Inaugural Address (1865)
Fellow Countrymen:
At this second appearing to take the oath of the presidential office
there is less occasion for an extended address than there was at the first.
Then a statement, somewhat in detail, of a course to be pursued seemed
fitting and proper. Now, at the expiration of four years, during which
public declarations have been constantly called forth on every point and
phase of the great contest which still absorbs the attention and engrosses
the energies of the nation, little that is new could be presented. The
progress of our arms, upon which all else chiefly depends, is as well known
to the public as to myself, and it is, I trust, reasonably satisfactory
and encouraging to all. With high hope for the future, no prediction in
regard to it is ventured.
On the occasion corresponding to this four years ago all thoughts were
anxiously directed to an impending civil war. All dreaded it; all sought
to avert it. While the inaugural address was being delivered from this
place, devoted altogether to saving the Union without war, insurgent
agents were in the city seeking to destroy it without war - seeking
to dissolve the Union and divide effects by negotiation. Both parties deprecated
war, but one of them would make war rather than let the nation survive,
and the other would accept war rather than let it perish, and the
war came.
One-eighth of the whole population were colored slaves, not distributed
generally over the Union, but localized in the southern part of it. These
slaves constituted a peculiar and powerful interest. All knew that this
interest was somehow the cause of war. To strengthen, perpetuate, and extend
this interest was the object for which the insurgents would rend the Union
even by war, while the Government claimed no right to do more than to restrict
the territorial enlargement of it. Neither party expected for the war the
magnitude or the duration which it has already attained.
Neither anticipated that the cause of the conflict might cease
with or even before the conflict itself should cease. Each looked for an
easier triumph, and a result less fundamental and astounding. Both read
the same Bible and pray to the same God, and each invokes His aid against
the other. It may seem strange that any men should dare to ask a just God's
assistance in wringing their bread from the sweat of other men's faces,
but let us judge not, that we be not judged. The prayers of both could
not be answered. That of neither has been answered fully. The Almighty
has His own purposes. "Woe unto the world because of offenses; for
it must needs be that offenses come, but woe to that man by whom the offense
cometh." If we shall suppose that American slavery is one of those
offenses which, in the providence of God, must needs come, but which, having
continued through His appointed time, He now wills to remove, and that
He gives to both North and South this terrible war as the woe due to those
by whom the offense came, shall we discern therein any departure from those
divine attributes which the believers in a living God always ascribe to
Him? Fondly do we hope, fervently do we pray, that this mighty scourge
of war may speedily pass away. Yet, if God wills that it continue until
all the wealth piled by the bondsman's two hundred and fifty years of unrequited
toil shall be sunk, and until every drop of blood drawn with the lash shall
be paid by another drawn with the sword, as was said three thousand years
ago, so still it must be said "the judgments of the Lord are true
and righteous altogether."
With malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the
right as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the
work we are in, to bind up the nation's wounds, to care for him who shall
have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan, to do all which
may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves and with
all nations.
President Abraham Lincoln - March 4, 1865

45. Nelson Mandela
          - "I am Prepared to Die" (1964)
I am the First Accused.
I hold a Bachelor's Degree in Arts and practised as an attorney in
Johannesburg for a number of years in partnership with Oliver Tambo. I
am a convicted prisoner serving five years for leaving the country without
a permit and for inciting people to go on strike at the end of May 1961.
At the outset, I want to say that the suggestion made by the State
in its opening that the struggle in South Africa is under the influence
of foreigners or communists is wholly incorrect. I have done whatever I
did, both as an individual and as a leader of my people, because of my
experience in South Africa and my own proudly felt African background,
and not because of what any outsider might have said.
In my youth in the Transkei I listened to the elders of my tribe
telling stories of the old days. Amongst the tales they related to me were
those of wars fought by our ancestors in defence of the fatherland. The
names of Dingane and Bambata, Hintsa and Makana, Squngthi and Dalasile,
Moshoeshoe and Sekhukhuni, were praised as the glory of the entire African
nation. I hoped then that life might offer me the opportunity to serve
my people and make my own humble contribution to their freedom struggle.
This is what has motivated me in all that I have done in relation to the
charges made against me in this case.
Having said this, I must deal immediately and at some length with
the question of violence. Some of the things so far told to the Court are
true and some are untrue. I do not, however, deny that I planned sabotage.
I did not plan it in a spirit of recklessness, nor because I have any love
of violence. I planned it as a result of a calm and sober assessment of
the political situation that had arisen after many years of tyranny, exploitation,
and oppression of my people by the Whites.
I admit immediately that I was one of the persons who helped to form
Umkhonto we Sizwe, and that I played a prominent role in its affairs until
I was arrested in August 1962.
In the statement which I am about to make I shall correct certain
false impressions which have been created by State witnesses. Amongst other
things, I will demonstrate that certain of the acts referred to in the
evidence were not and could not have been committed by Umkhonto. I will
also deal with the relationship between the African National Congress and
Umkhonto, and with the part which I personally have played in the affairs
of both organizations. I shall deal also with the part played by the Communist
Party. In order to explain these matters properly, I will have to explain
what Umkhonto set out to achieve; what methods it prescribed for the achievement
of these objects, and why these methods were chosen. I will also have to
explain how I became involved in the activities of these organizations.
I deny that Umkhonto was responsible for a number of acts which clearly
fell outside the policy of the organization, and which have been charged
in the indictment against us. I do not know what justification there was
for these acts, but to demonstrate that they could not have been authorized
by Umkhonto, I want to refer briefly to the roots and policy of the organization.
I have already mentioned that I was one of the persons who helped
to form Umkhonto. I, and the others who started the organization, did so
for two reasons. Firstly, we believed that as a result of Government policy,
violence by the African people had become inevitable, and that unless responsible
leadership was given to canalize and control the feelings of our people,
there would be outbreaks of terrorism which would produce an intensity
of bitterness and hostility between the various races of this country which
is not produced even by war. Secondly, we felt that without violence there
would be no way open to the African people to succeed in their struggle
against the principle of white supremacy. All lawful modes of expressing
opposition to this principle had been closed by legislation, and we were
placed in a position in which we had either to accept a permanent state
of inferiority, or to defy the Government. We chose to defy the law. We
first broke the law in a way which avoided any recourse to violence; when
this form was legislated against, and then the Government resorted to a
show of force to crush opposition to its policies, only then did we decide
to answer violence with violence.
But the violence which we chose to adopt was not terrorism. We who
formed Umkhonto were all members of the African National Congress, and
had behind us the ANC tradition of non-violence and negotiation as a means
of solving political disputes. We believe that South Africa belongs to
all the people who live in it, and not to one group, be it black or white.
We did not want an interracial war, and tried to avoid it to the last minute.
If the Court is in doubt about this, it will be seen that the whole history
of our organization bears out what I have said, and what I will subsequently
say, when I describe the tactics which Umkhonto decided to adopt. I want,
therefore, to say something about the African National Congress.
The African National Congress was formed in 1912 to defend the rights
of the African people which had been seriously curtailed by the South Africa
Act, and which were then being threatened by the Native Land Act. For thirty-seven
years - that is until 1949 - it adhered strictly to a constitutional struggle.
It put forward demands and resolutions; it sent delegations to the Government
in the belief that African grievances could be settled through peaceful
discussion and that Africans could advance gradually to full political
rights. But White Governments remained unmoved, and the rights of Africans
became less instead of becoming greater. In the words of my leader, Chief
Lutuli, who became President of the ANC in 1952, and who was later awarded
the Nobel Peace Prize:
"Who will deny that thirty years of my life have been spent
knocking in vain, patiently, moderately, and modestly at a closed and barred
door? What have been the fruits of moderation? The past thirty years have
seen the greatest number of laws restricting our rights and progress, until
today we have reached a stage where we have almost no rights at all."
Even after 1949, the ANC remained determined to avoid violence. At
this time, however, there was a change from the strictly constitutional
means of protest which had been employed in the past. The change was embodied
in a decision which was taken to protest against apartheid legislation
by peaceful, but unlawful, demonstrations against certain laws. Pursuant
to this policy the ANC launched the Defiance Campaign, in which I was placed
in charge of volunteers. This campaign was based on the principles of passive
resistance. More than 8,500 people defied apartheid laws and went to jail.
Yet there was not a single instance of violence in the course of this campaign
on the part of any defier. I and nineteen colleagues were convicted for
the role which we played in organizing the campaign, but our sentences
were suspended mainly because the Judge found that discipline and non-violence
had been stressed throughout. This was the time when the volunteer section
of the ANC was established, and when the word 'Amadelakufa' was first used:
this was the time when the volunteers were asked to take a pledge to uphold
certain principles. Evidence dealing with volunteers and their pledges
has been introduced into this case, but completely out of context. The
volunteers were not, and are not, the soldiers of a black army pledged
to fight a civil war against the whites. They were, and are, dedicated
workers who are prepared to lead campaigns initiated by the ANC to distribute
leaflets, to organize strikes, or do whatever the particular campaign required.
They are called volunteers because they volunteer to face the penalties
of imprisonment and whipping which are now prescribed by the legislature
for such acts.
During the Defiance Campaign, the Public Safety Act and the Criminal
Law Amendment Act were passed. These Statutes provided harsher penalties
for offences committed by way of protests against laws. Despite this, the
protests continued and the ANC adhered to its policy of non-violence. In
1956, 156 leading members of the Congress Alliance, including myself, were
arrested on a charge of high treason and charges under the Suppression
of Communism Act. The non-violent policy of the ANC was put in issue by
the State, but when the Court gave judgement some five years later, it
found that the ANC did not have a policy of violence. We were acquitted
on all counts, which included a count that the ANC sought to set up a communist
state in place of the existing regime. The Government has always sought
to label all its opponents as communists. This allegation has been repeated
in the present case, but as I will show, the ANC is not, and never has
been, a communist organization.
In 1960 there was the shooting at Sharpeville, which resulted in
the proclamation of a state of emergency and the declaration of the ANC
as an unlawful organization. My colleagues and I, after careful consideration,
decided that we would not obey this decree. The African people were not
part of the Government and did not make the laws by which they were governed.
We believed in the words of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights,
that 'the will of the people shall be the basis of authority of the Government,'
and for us to accept the banning was equivalent to accepting the silencing
of the Africans for all time. The ANC refused to dissolve, but instead
went underground. We believed it was our duty to preserve this organization
which had been built up with almost fifty years of unremitting toil. I
have no doubt that no self-respecting White political organization would
disband itself if declared illegal by a government in which it had no say.
In 1960 the Government held a referendum which led to the establishment
of the Republic. Africans, who constituted approximately 70 per cent of
the population of South Africa, were not entitled to vote, and were not
even consulted about the proposed constitutional change. All of us were
apprehensive of our future under the proposed White Republic, and a resolution
was taken to hold an All-In African Conference to call for a National Convention,
and to organize mass demonstrations on the eve of the unwanted Republic,
if the Government failed to call the Convention. The conference was attended
by Africans of various political persuasions. I was the Secretary of the
conference and undertook to be responsible for organizing the national
stay-at-home which was subsequently called to coincide with the declaration
of the Republic. As all strikes by Africans are illegal, the person organizing
such a strike must avoid arrest. I was chosen to be this person, and consequently
I had to leave my home and family and my practice and go into hiding to
avoid arrest.
The stay-at-home, in accordance with ANC policy, was to be a peaceful
demonstration. Careful instructions were given to organizers and members
to avoid any recourse to violence. The Government's answer was to introduce
new and harsher laws, to mobilize its armed forces, and to send Saracens,
armed vehicles, and soldiers into the townships in a massive show of force
designed to intimidate the people. This was an indication that the Government
had decided to rule by force alone, and this decision was a milestone on
the road to Umkhonto.
Some of this may appear irrelevant to this trial. In fact, I believe
none of it is irrelevant because it will, I hope, enable the Court to appreciate
the attitude eventually adopted by the various persons and bodies concerned
in the National Liberation Movement. When I went to jail in 1962, the dominant
idea was that loss of life should be avoided. I now know that this was
still so in 1963.
I must return to June 1961. What were we, the leaders of our people,
to do? Were we to give in to the show of force and the implied threat against
future action, or were we to fight it and, if so, how?
We had no doubt that we had to continue the fight. Anything else
would have been abject surrender. Our problem was not whether to fight,
but was how to continue the fight. We of the ANC had always stood for a
non-racial democracy, and we shrank from any action which might drive the
races further apart than they already were. But the hard facts were that
fifty years of non-violence had brought the African people nothing but
more and more repressive legislation, and fewer and fewer rights. It may
not be easy for this Court to understand, but it is a fact that for a long
time the people had been talking of violence - of the day when they would
fight the White man and win back their country - and we, the leaders of
the ANC, had nevertheless always prevailed upon them to avoid violence
and to pursue peaceful methods. When some of us discussed this in May and
June of 1961, it could not be denied that our policy to achieve a non-racial
State by non-violence had achieved nothing, and that our followers were
beginning to lose confidence in this policy and were developing disturbing
ideas of terrorism.
It must not be forgotten that by this time violence had, in fact,
become a feature of the South African political scene. There had been violence
in 1957 when the women of Zeerust were ordered to carry passes; there was
violence in 1958 with the enforcement of cattle culling in Sekhukhuniland;
there was violence in 1959 when the people of Cato Manor protested against
pass raids; there was violence in 1960 when the Government attempted to
impose Bantu Authorities in Pondoland. Thirty-nine Africans died in these
disturbances. In 1961 there had been riots in Warmbaths, and all this time
the Transkei had been a seething mass of unrest. Each disturbance pointed
clearly to the inevitable growth among Africans of the belief that violence
was the only way out - it showed that a Government which uses force to
maintain its rule teaches the oppressed to use force to oppose it. Already
small groups had arisen in the urban areas and were spontaneously making
plans for violent forms of political struggle. There now arose a danger
that these groups would adopt terrorism against Africans, as well as Whites,
if not properly directed. Particularly disturbing was the type of violence
engendered in places such as Zeerust, Sekhukhuniland, and Pondoland amongst
Africans. It was increasingly taking the form, not of struggle against
the Government - though this is what prompted it - but of civil strife
amongst themselves, conducted in such a way that it could not hope to achieve
anything other than a loss of life and bitterness.
At the beginning of June 1961, after a long and anxious assessment
of the South African situation, I, and some colleagues, came to the conclusion
that as violence in this country was inevitable, it would be unrealistic
and wrong for African leaders to continue preaching peace and non-violence
at a time when the Government met our peaceful demands with force.
This conclusion was not easily arrived at. It was only when all else
had failed, when all channels of peaceful protest had been barred to us,
that the decision was made to embark on violent forms of political struggle,
and to form Umkhonto we Sizwe. We did so not because we desired such a
course, but solely because the Government had left us with no other choice.
In the Manifesto of Umkhonto published on 16 December 1961, which is Exhibit
AD, we said:
"The time comes in the life of any nation when there remain
only two choices - submit or fight. That time has now come to South Africa.
We shall not submit and we have no choice but to hit back by all means
in our power in defence of our people, our future, and our freedom."
This was our feeling in June of 1961 when we decided to press for
a change in the policy of the National Liberation Movement. I can only
say that I felt morally obliged to do what I did.
We who had taken this decision started to consult leaders of various
organizations, including the ANC. I will not say whom we spoke to, or what
they said, but I wish to deal with the role of the African National Congress
in this phase of the struggle, and with the policy and objectives of Umkhonto
we Sizwe.
As far as the ANC was concerned, it formed a clear view which can
be summarized as follows:
It was a mass political organization with a political function to
fulfil. Its members had joined on the express policy of non-violence.
Because of all this, it could not and would not undertake violence.
This must be stressed. One cannot turn such a body into the small, closely
knit organization required for sabotage. Nor would this be politically
correct, because it would result in members ceasing to carry out this essential
activity: political propaganda and organization. Nor was it permissible
to change the whole nature of the organization.
On the other hand, in view of this situation I have described, the
ANC was prepared to depart from its fifty-year-old policy of non-violence
to this extent that it would no longer disapprove of properly controlled
violence. Hence members who undertook such activity would not be subject
to disciplinary action by the ANC.
I say 'properly controlled violence' because I made it clear that
if I formed the organization I would at all times subject it to the political
guidance of the ANC and would not undertake any different form of activity
from that contemplated without the consent of the ANC. And I shall now
tell the Court how that form of violence came to be determined.
As a result of this decision, Umkhonto was formed in November 1961.
When we took this decision, and subsequently formulated our plans, the
ANC heritage of non-violence and racial harmony was very much with us.
We felt that the country was drifting towards a civil war in which Blacks
and Whites would fight each other. We viewed the situation with alarm.
Civil war could mean the destruction of what the ANC stood for; with civil
war, racial peace would be more difficult than ever to achieve. We already
have examples in South African history of the results of war. It has taken
more than fifty years for the scars of the South African War to disappear.
How much longer would it take to eradicate the scars of inter-racial civil
war, which could not be fought without a great loss of life on both sides?
The avoidance of civil war had dominated our thinking for many years,
but when we decided to adopt violence as part of our policy, we realized
that we might one day have to face the prospect of such a war. This had
to be taken into account in formulating our plans. We required a plan which
was flexible and which permitted us to act in accordance with the needs
of the times; above all, the plan had to be one which recognized civil
war as the last resort, and left the decision on this question to the future.
We did not want to be committed to civil war, but we wanted to be ready
if it became inevitable.
Four forms of violence were possible. There is sabotage, there is
guerrilla warfare, there is terrorism, and there is open revolution. We
chose to adopt the first method and to exhaust it before taking any other
decision.
In the light of our political background the choice was a logical
one. Sabotage did not involve loss of life, and it offered the best hope
for future race relations. Bitterness would be kept to a minimum and, if
the policy bore fruit, democratic government could become a reality. This
is what we felt at the time, and this is what we said in our Manifesto
(Exhibit AD):
"We of Umkhonto we Sizwe have always sought to achieve liberation
without bloodshed and civil clash. We hope, even at this late hour, that
our first actions will awaken everyone to a realization of the disastrous
situation to which the Nationalist policy is leading. We hope that we will
bring the Government and its supporters to their senses before it is too
late, so that both the Government and its policies can be changed before
matters reach the desperate state of civil war."
The initial plan was based on a careful analysis of the political
and economic situation of our country. We believed that South Africa depended
to a large extent on foreign capital and foreign trade. We felt that planned
destruction of power plants, and interference with rail and telephone communications,
would tend to scare away capital from the country, make it more difficult
for goods from the industrial areas to reach the seaports on schedule,
and would in the long run be a heavy drain on the economic life of the
country, thus compelling the voters of the country to reconsider their
position.
Attacks on the economic life-lines of the country were to be linked
with sabotage on Government buildings and other symbols of apartheid. These
attacks would serve as a source of inspiration to our people. In addition,
they would provide an outlet for those people who were urging the adoption
of violent methods and would enable us to give concrete proof to our followers
that we had adopted a stronger line and were fighting back against Government
violence.
In addition, if mass action were successfully organized, and mass
reprisals taken, we felt that sympathy for our cause would be roused in
other countries, and that greater pressure would be brought to bear on
the South African Government.
This then was the plan. Umkhonto was to perform sabotage, and strict
instructions were given to its members right from the start, that on no
account were they to injure or kill people in planning or carrying out
operations. These instructions have been referred to in the evidence of
'Mr. X' and 'Mr. Z.'
The affairs of the Umkhonto were controlled and directed by a National
High Command, which had powers of co-option and which could, and did, appoint
Regional Commands. The High Command was the body which determined tactics
and targets and was in charge of training and finance. Under the High Command
there were Regional Commands which were responsible for the direction of
the local sabotage groups. Within the framework of the policy laid down
by the National High Command, the Regional Commands had authority to select
the targets to be attacked. They had no authority to go beyond the prescribed
framework and thus had no authority to embark upon acts which endangered
life, or which did not fit into the overall plan of sabotage. For instance,
Umkhonto members were forbidden ever to go armed into operation. Incidentally,
the terms High Command and Regional Command were an importation from the
Jewish national underground organization Irgun Zvai Leumi, which operated
in Israel between 1944 and 1948.
Umkhonto had its first operation on 16 December 1961, when Government
buildings in Johannesburg, Port Elizabeth and Durban were attacked. The
selection of targets is proof of the policy to which I have referred. Had
we intended to attack life we would have selected targets where people
congregated and not empty buildings and power stations. The sabotage which
was committed before 16 December 1961 was the work of isolated groups and
had no connection whatever with Umkhonto. In fact, some of these and a
number of later acts were claimed by other organizations.
The Manifesto of Umkhonto was issued on the day that operations commenced.
The response to our actions and Manifesto among the white population was
characteristically violent. The Government threatened to take strong action,
and called upon its supporters to stand firm and to ignore the demands
of the Africans. The Whites failed to respond by suggesting change; they
responded to our call by suggesting the laager.
In contrast, the response of the Africans was one of encouragement.
Suddenly there was hope again. Things were happening. People in the townships
became eager for political news. A great deal of enthusiasm was generated
by the initial successes, and people began to speculate on how soon freedom
would be obtained.
But we in Umkhonto weighed up the white response with anxiety. The
lines were being drawn. The whites and blacks were moving into separate
camps, and the prospects of avoiding a civil war were made less. The white
newspapers carried reports that sabotage would be punished by death. If
this was so, how could we continue to keep Africans away from terrorism?
Already scores of Africans had died as a result of racial friction.
In 1920 when the famous leader, Masabala, was held in Port Elizabeth jail,
twenty-four of a group of Africans who had gathered to demand his release
were killed by the police and white civilians. In 1921 more than one hundred
Africans died in the Bulhoek affair. In 1924 over two hundred Africans
were killed when the Administrator of South-West Africa led a force against
a group which had rebelled against the imposition of dog tax. On 1 May
1950, eighteen Africans died as a result of police shootings during the
strike. On 21 March 1960, sixty-nine unarmed Africans died at Sharpeville.
How many more Sharpevilles would there be in the history of our country?
And how many more Sharpevilles could the country stand without violence
and terror becoming the order of the day? And what would happen to our
people when that stage was reached? In the long run we felt certain we
must succeed, but at what cost to ourselves and the rest of the country?
And if this happened, how could black and white ever live together again
in peace and harmony? These were the problems that faced us, and these
were our decisions.
Experience convinced us that rebellion would offer the Government
limitless opportunities for the indiscriminate slaughter of our people.
But it was precisely because the soil of South Africa is already drenched
with the blood of innocent Africans that we felt it our duty to make preparations
as a long-term undertaking to use force in order to defend ourselves against
force. If war were inevitable, we wanted the fight to be conducted on terms
most favorable to our people. The fight which held out prospects best for
us and the least risk of life to both sides was guerrilla warfare. We decided,
therefore, in our preparations for the future, to make provision for the
possibility of guerrilla warfare.
All whites undergo compulsory military training, but no such training
was given to Africans. It was in our view essential to build up a nucleus
of trained men who would be able to provide the leadership which would
be required if guerrilla warfare started. We had to prepare for such a
situation before it became too late to make proper preparations. It was
also necessary to build up a nucleus of men trained in civil administration
and other professions, so that Africans would be equipped to participate
in the government of this country as soon as they were allowed to do so.
At this stage it was decided that I should attend the Conference
of the Pan-African Freedom Movement for Central, East, and Southern Africa,
which was to be held early in 1962 in Addis Ababa, and, because of our
need for preparation, it was also decided that, after the conference, I
would undertake a tour of the African States with a view to obtaining facilities
for the training of soldiers, and that I would also solicit scholarships
for the higher education of matriculated Africans. Training in both fields
would be necessary, even if changes came about by peaceful means. Administrators
would be necessary who would be willing and able to administer a non-racial
State and so would men be necessary to control the army and police force
of such a State.
It was on this note that I left South Africa to proceed to Addis
Ababa as a delegate of the ANC. My tour was a success. Wherever I went
I met sympathy for our cause and promises of help. All Africa was united
against the stand of White South Africa, and even in London I was received
with great sympathy by political leaders, such as Mr. Gaitskell and Mr.
Grimond. In Africa I was promised support by such men as Julius Nyerere,
now President of Tanganyika; Mr. Kawawa, then Prime Minister of Tanganyika;
Emperor Haile Selassie of Ethiopia; General Abboud, President of the Sudan;
Habib Bourguiba, President of Tunisia; Ben Bella, now President of Algeria;
Modibo Keita, President of Mali; Leopold Senghor, President of Senegal;
Sekou Toure, President of Guinea; President Tubman of Liberia; and Milton
Obote, Prime Minister of Uganda. It was Ben Bella who invited me to visit
Oujda, the Headquarters of the Algerian Army of National Liberation, the
visit which is described in my diary, one of the Exhibits.
I started to make a study of the art of war and revolution and, whilst
abroad, underwent a course in military training. If there was to be guerrilla
warfare, I wanted to be able to stand and fight with my people and to share
the hazards of war with them. Notes of lectures which I received in Algeria
are contained in Exhibit 16, produced in evidence. Summaries of books on
guerrilla warfare and military strategy have also been produced. I have
already admitted that these documents are in my writing, and I acknowledge
that I made these studies to equip myself for the role which I might have
to play if the struggle drifted into guerrilla warfare. I approached this
question as every African Nationalist should do. I was completely objective.
The Court will see that I attempted to examine all types of authority on
the subject - from the East and from the West, going back to the classic
work of Clausewitz, and covering such a variety as Mao Tse Tung and Che
Guevara on the one hand, and the writings on the Anglo-Boer War on the
other. Of course, these notes are merely summaries of the books I read
and do not contain my personal views.
I also made arrangements for our recruits to undergo military training.
But here it was impossible to organize any scheme without the co-operation
of the ANC offices in Africa. I consequently obtained the permission of
the ANC in South Africa to do this. To this extent then there was a departure
from the original decision of the ANC, but it applied outside South Africa
only. The first batch of recruits actually arrived in Tanganyika when I
was passing through that country on my way back to South Africa.
I returned to South Africa and reported to my colleagues on the results
of my trip. On my return I found that there had been little alteration
in the political scene save that the threat of a death penalty for sabotage
had now become a fact. The attitude of my colleagues in Umkhonto was much
the same as it had been before I left. They were feeling their way cautiously
and felt that it would be a long time before the possibilities of sabotage
were exhausted. In fact, the view was expressed by some that the training
of recruits was premature. This is recorded by me in the document which
is Exhibit R.14. After a full discussion, however, it was decided to go
ahead with the plans for military training because of the fact that it
would take many years to build up a sufficient nucleus of trained soldiers
to start a guerrilla campaign, and whatever happened, the training would
be of value.
I wish to turn now to certain general allegations made in this case
by the State. But before doing so, I wish to revert to certain occurrences
said by witnesses to have happened in Port Elizabeth and East London. I
am referring to the bombing of private houses of pro-Government persons
during September, October and November 1962. I do not know what justification
there was for these acts, nor what provocation had been given. But if what
I have said already is accepted, then it is clear that these acts had nothing
to do with the carrying out of the policy of Umkhonto.
One of the chief allegations in the indictment is that the ANC was
a party to a general conspiracy to commit sabotage. I have already explained
why this is incorrect but how, externally, there was a departure from the
original principle laid down by the ANC. There has, of course, been overlapping
of functions internally as well, because there is a difference between
a resolution adopted in the atmosphere of a committee room and the concrete
difficulties that arise in the field of practical activity. At a later
stage the position was further affected by bannings and house arrests,
and by persons leaving the country to take up political work abroad. This
led to individuals having to do work in different capacities. But though
this may have blurred the distinction between Umkhonto and the ANC, it
by no means abolished that distinction. Great care was taken to keep the
activities of the two organizations in South Africa distinct. The ANC remained
a mass political body of Africans only carrying on the type of political
work they had conducted prior to 1961. Umkhonto remained a small organization
recruiting its members from different races and organizations and trying
to achieve its own particular object. The fact that members of Umkhonto
were recruited from the ANC, and the fact that persons served both organizations,
like Solomon Mbanjwa, did not, in our view, change the nature of the ANC
or give it a policy of violence. This overlapping of officers, however,
was more the exception than the rule. This is why persons such as 'Mr.
X' and 'Mr. Z,' who were on the Regional Command of their respective areas,
did not participate in any of the ANC committees or activities, and why
people such as Mr. Bennett Mashiyana and Mr. Reginald Ndubi did not hear
of sabotage at their ANC meetings.
Another of the allegations in the indictment is that Rivonia was
the headquarters of Umkhonto. This is not true of the time when I was there.
I was told, of course, and knew that certain of the activities of the Communist
Party were carried on there. But this is no reason (as I shall presently
explain) why I should not use the place.
I came there in the following manner:
As already indicated, early in April 1961 I went underground to
organize the May general strike. My work entailed travelling throughout
the country, living now in African townships, then in country villages
and again in cities.
During the second half of the year I started visiting the Parktown
home of Arthur Goldreich, where I used to meet my family privately. Although
I had no direct political association with him, I had known Arthur Goldreich
socially since 1958.
In October, Arthur Goldreich informed me that he was moving out
of town and offered me a hiding place there. A few days thereafter, he
arranged for Michael Harmel to take me to Rivonia. I naturally found Rivonia
an ideal place for the man who lived the life of an outlaw. Up to that
time I had been compelled to live indoors during the daytime and could
only venture out under cover of darkness. But at Liliesleaf [farm, Rivonia,]
I could live differently and work far more efficiently.
For obvious reasons, I had to disguise myself and I assumed the
fictitious name of David. In December, Arthur Goldreich and his family
moved in. I stayed there until I went abroad on 11 January 1962. As already
indicated, I returned in July 1962 and was arrested in Natal on 5 August.
Up to the time of my arrest, Liliesleaf farm was the headquarters
of neither the African National Congress nor Umkhonto. With the exception
of myself, none of the officials or members of these bodies lived there,
no meetings of the governing bodies were ever held there, and no activities
connected with them were either organized or directed from there. On numerous
occasions during my stay at Liliesleaf farm I met both the Executive Committee
of the ANC, as well as the NHC, but such meetings were held elsewhere and
not on the farm.
Whilst staying at Liliesleaf farm, I frequently visited Arthur Goldreich
in the main house and he also paid me visits in my room. We had numerous
political discussions covering a variety of subjects. We discussed ideological
and practical questions, the Congress Alliance, Umkhonto and its activities
generally, and his experiences as a soldier in the Palmach, the military
wing of the Haganah. Haganah was the political authority of the Jewish
National Movement in Palestine.
Because of what I had got to know of Goldreich, I recommended on
my return to South Africa that he should be recruited to Umkhonto. I do
not know of my personal knowledge whether this was done.
Another of the allegations made by the State is that the aims and
objects of the ANC and the Communist Party are the same. I wish to deal
with this and with my own political position, because I must assume that
the State may try to argue from certain Exhibits that I tried to introduce
Marxism into the ANC. The allegation as to the ANC is false. This is an
old allegation which was disproved at the Treason Trial and which has again
reared its head. But since the allegation has been made again, I shall
deal with it as well as with the relationship between the ANC and the Communist
Party and Umkhonto and that party.
The ideological creed of the ANC is, and always has been, the creed
of African Nationalism. It is not the concept of African Nationalism expressed
in the cry, 'Drive the White man into the sea.' The African Nationalism
for which the ANC stands is the concept of freedom and fulfilment for the
African people in their own land. The most important political document
ever adopted by the ANC is the 'Freedom Charter.' It is by no means a blueprint
for a socialist state. It calls for redistribution, but not nationalization,
of land; it provides for nationalization of mines, banks, and monopoly
industry, because big monopolies are owned by one race only, and without
such nationalization racial domination would be perpetuated despite the
spread of political power. It would be a hollow gesture to repeal the Gold
Law prohibitions against Africans when all gold mines are owned by European
companies. In this respect the ANC's policy corresponds with the old policy
of the present Nationalist Party which, for many years, had as part of
its programme the nationalization of the gold mines which, at that time,
were controlled by foreign capital. Under the Freedom Charter, nationalization
would take place in an economy based on private enterprise. The realization
of the Freedom Charter would open up fresh fields for a prosperous African
population of all classes, including the middle class. The ANC has never
at any period of its history advocated a revolutionary change in the economic
structure of the country, nor has it, to the best of my recollection, ever
condemned capitalist society.
As far as the Communist Party is concerned, and if I understand its
policy correctly, it stands for the establishment of a State based on the
principles of Marxism. Although it is prepared to work for the Freedom
Charter, as a short term solution to the problems created by white supremacy,
it regards the Freedom Charter as the beginning, and not the end, of its
program.
The ANC, unlike the Communist Party, admitted Africans only as members.
Its chief goal was, and is, for the African people to win unity and full
political rights. The Communist Party's main aim, on the other hand, was
to remove the capitalists and to replace them with a working-class government.
The Communist Party sought to emphasize class distinctions whilst the ANC
seeks to harmonize them. This is a vital distinction.
It is true that there has often been close co-operation between the
ANC and the Communist Party. But co-operation is merely proof of a common
goal - in this case the removal of white supremacy - and is not proof of
a complete community of interests.
The history of the world is full of similar examples. Perhaps the
most striking illustration is to be found in the co-operation between Great
Britain, the United States of America, and the Soviet Union in the fight
against Hitler. Nobody but Hitler would have dared to suggest that such
co-operation turned Churchill or Roosevelt into communists or communist
tools, or that Britain and America were working to bring about a communist
world.
Another instance of such co-operation is to be found precisely in
Umkhonto. Shortly after Umkhonto was constituted, I was informed by some
of its members that the Communist Party would support Umkhonto, and this
then occurred. At a later stage the support was made openly.
I believe that communists have always played an active role in the
fight by colonial countries for their freedom, because the short-term objects
of communism would always correspond with the long-term objects of freedom
movements. Thus communists have played an important role in the freedom
struggles fought in countries such as Malaya, Algeria, and Indonesia, yet
none of these States today are communist countries. Similarly in the underground
resistance movements which sprung up in Europe during the last World War,
communists played an important role. Even General Chiang Kai-Shek, today
one of the bitterest enemies of communism, fought together with the communists
against the ruling class in the struggle which led to his assumption of
power in China in the 1930s.
This pattern of co-operation between communists and non-communists
has been repeated in the National Liberation Movement of South Africa.
Prior to the banning of the Communist Party, joint campaigns involving
the Communist Party and the Congress movements were accepted practice.
African communists could, and did, become members of the ANC, and some
served on the National, Provincial, and local committees. Amongst those
who served on the National Executive are Albert Nzula, a former Secretary
of the Communist Party, Moses Kotane, another former Secretary, and J.
B. Marks, a former member of the Central Committee.
I joined the ANC in 1944, and in my younger days I held the view
that the policy of admitting communists to the ANC, and the close co-operation
which existed at times on specific issues between the ANC and the Communist
Party, would lead to a watering down of the concept of African Nationalism.
At that stage I was a member of the African National Congress Youth League,
and was one of a group which moved for the expulsion of communists from
the ANC. This proposal was heavily defeated. Amongst those who voted against
the proposal were some of the most conservative sections of African political
opinion. They defended the policy on the ground that from its inception
the ANC was formed and built up, not as a political party with one school
of political thought, but as a Parliament of the African people, accommodating
people of various political convictions, all united by the common goal
of national liberation. I was eventually won over to this point of view
and I have upheld it ever since.
It is perhaps difficult for white South Africans, with an ingrained
prejudice against communism, to understand why experienced African politicians
so readily accept communists as their friends. But to us the reason is
obvious. Theoretical differences amongst those fighting against oppression
is a luxury we cannot afford at this stage. What is more, for many decades
communists were the only political group in South Africa who were prepared
to treat Africans as human beings and their equals; who were prepared to
eat with us; talk with us, live with us, and work with us. They were the
only political group which was prepared to work with the Africans for the
attainment of political rights and a stake in society. Because of this,
there are many Africans who, today, tend to equate freedom with communism.
They are supported in this belief by a legislature which brands all exponents
of democratic government and African freedom as communists and bans many
of them (who are not communists) under the Suppression of Communism Act.
Although I have never been a member of the Communist Party, I myself have
been named under that pernicious Act because of the role I played in the
Defiance Campaign. I have also been banned and imprisoned under that Act.
It is not only in internal politics that we count communists as amongst
those who support our cause. In the international field, communist countries
have always come to our aid. In the United Nations and other Councils of
the world the communist bloc has supported the Afro-Asian struggle against
colonialism and often seems to be more sympathetic to our plight than some
of the Western powers. Although there is a universal condemnation of apartheid,
the communist bloc speaks out against it with a louder voice than most
of the white world. In these circumstances, it would take a brash young
politician, such as I was in 1949, to proclaim that the Communists are
our enemies.
I turn now to my own position. I have denied that I am a communist,
and I think that in the circumstances I am obliged to state exactly what
my political beliefs are.
I have always regarded myself, in the first place, as an African
patriot. After all, I was born in Umtata, forty-six years ago. My guardian
was my cousin, who was the acting paramount chief of Tembuland, and I am
related both to the present paramount chief of Tembuland, Sabata Dalindyebo,
and to Kaizer Matanzima, the Chief Minister of the Transkei.
Today I am attracted by the idea of a classless society, an attraction
which springs in part from Marxist reading and, in part, from my admiration
of the structure and organization of early African societies in this country.
The land, then the main means of production, belonged to the tribe. There
were no rich or poor and there was no exploitation.
It is true, as I have already stated, that I have been influenced
by Marxist thought. But this is also true of many of the leaders of the
new independent States. Such widely different persons as Gandhi, Nehru,
Nkrumah, and Nasser all acknowledge this fact. We all accept the need for
some form of socialism to enable our people to catch up with the advanced
countries of this world and to overcome their legacy of extreme poverty.
But this does not mean we are Marxists.
Indeed, for my own part, I believe that it is open to debate whether
the Communist Party has any specific role to play at this particular stage
of our political struggle. The basic task at the present moment is the
removal of race discrimination and the attainment of democratic rights
on the basis of the Freedom Charter. In so far as that Party furthers this
task, I welcome its assistance. I realize that it is one of the means by
which people of all races can be drawn into our struggle.
From my reading of Marxist literature and from conversations with
Marxists, I have gained the impression that communists regard the parliamentary
system of the West as undemocratic and reactionary. But, on the contrary,
I am an admirer of such a system.
The Magna Carta, the Petition of Rights, and the Bill of Rights are
documents which are held in veneration by democrats throughout the world.
I have great respect for British political institutions, and for
the country's system of justice. I regard the British Parliament as the
most democratic institution in the world, and the independence and impartiality
of its judiciary never fails to arouse my admiration.
The American Congress, that country's doctrine of separation of powers,
as well as the independence of its judiciary, arouses in me similar sentiments.
I have been influenced in my thinking by both West and East. All
this has led me to feel that in my search for a political formula, I should
be absolutely impartial and objective. I should tie myself to no particular
system of society other than of socialism. I must leave myself free to
borrow the best from the West and from the East . . .
There are certain Exhibits which suggest that we received financial
support from abroad, and I wish to deal with this question.
Our political struggle has always been financed from internal sources
- from funds raised by our own people and by our own supporters. Whenever
we had a special campaign or an important political case - for example,
the Treason Trial - we received financial assistance from sympathetic individuals
and organizations in the Western countries. We had never felt it necessary
to go beyond these sources.
But when in 1961 the Umkhonto was formed, and a new phase of struggle
introduced, we realized that these events would make a heavy call on our
slender resources, and that the scale of our activities would be hampered
by the lack of funds. One of my instructions, as I went abroad in January
1962, was to raise funds from the African states.
I must add that, whilst abroad, I had discussions with leaders of
political movements in Africa and discovered that almost every single one
of them, in areas which had still not attained independence, had received
all forms of assistance from the socialist countries, as well as from the
West, including that of financial support. I also discovered that some
well-known African states, all of them non-communists, and even anti-communists,
had received similar assistance.
On my return to the Republic, I made a strong recommendation to the
ANC that we should not confine ourselves to Africa and the Western countries,
but that we should also send a mission to the socialist countries to raise
the funds which we so urgently needed.
I have been told that after I was convicted such a mission was sent,
but I am not prepared to name any countries to which it went, nor am I
at liberty to disclose the names of the organizations and countries which
gave us support or promised to do so.
As I understand the State case, and in particular the evidence of
'Mr. X,' the suggestion is that Umkhonto was the inspiration of the Communist
Party which sought by playing upon imaginary grievances to enroll the African
people into an army which ostensibly was to fight for African freedom,
but in reality was fighting for a communist state. Nothing could be further
from the truth. In fact the suggestion is preposterous. Umkhonto was formed
by Africans to further their struggle for freedom in their own land. Communists
and others supported the movement, and we only wish that more sections
of the community would join us.
Our fight is against real, and not imaginary, hardships or, to use
the language of the State Prosecutor, 'so-called hardships.' Basically,
we fight against two features which are the hallmarks of African life in
South Africa and which are entrenched by legislation which we seek to have
repealed. These features are poverty and lack of human dignity, and we
do not need communists or so-called 'agitators' to teach us about these
things.
South Africa is the richest country in Africa, and could be one of
the richest countries in the world. But it is a land of extremes and remarkable
contrasts. The whites enjoy what may well be the highest standard of living
in the world, whilst Africans live in poverty and misery. Forty per cent
of the Africans live in hopelessly overcrowded and, in some cases, drought-stricken
Reserves, where soil erosion and the overworking of the soil makes it impossible
for them to live properly off the land. Thirty per cent are laborers, labor
tenants, and squatters on white farms and work and live under conditions
similar to those of the serfs of the Middle Ages. The other 30 per cent
live in towns where they have developed economic and social habits which
bring them closer in many respects to white standards. Yet most Africans,
even in this group, are impoverished by low incomes and high cost of living.
The highest-paid and the most prosperous section of urban African
life is in Johannesburg. Yet their actual position is desperate. The latest
figures were given on 25 March 1964 by Mr. Carr, Manager of the Johannesburg
Non-European Affairs Department. The poverty datum line for the average
African family in Johannesburg (according to Mr. Carr's department) is
R42.84 per month. He showed that the average monthly wage is R32.24 and
that 46 per cent of all African families in Johannesburg do not earn enough
to keep them going.
Poverty goes hand in hand with malnutrition and disease. The incidence
of malnutrition and deficiency diseases is very high amongst Africans.
Tuberculosis, pellagra, kwashiorkor, gastro-enteritis, and scurvy bring
death and destruction of health. The incidence of infant mortality is one
of the highest in the world. According to the Medical Officer of Health
for Pretoria, tuberculosis kills forty people a day (almost all Africans),
and in 1961 there were 58,491 new cases reported. These diseases not only
destroy the vital organs of the body, but they result in retarded mental
conditions and lack of initiative, and reduce powers of concentration.
The secondary results of such conditions affect the whole community and
the standard of work performed by African laborers.
The complaint of Africans, however, is not only that they are poor
and the whites are rich, but that the laws which are made by the whites
are designed to preserve this situation. There are two ways to break out
of poverty. The first is by formal education, and the second is by the
worker acquiring a greater skill at his work and thus higher wages. As
far as Africans are concerned, both these avenues of advancement are deliberately
curtailed by legislation.
The present Government has always sought to hamper Africans in their
search for education. One of their early acts, after coming into power,
was to stop subsidies for African school feeding. Many African children
who attended schools depended on this supplement to their diet. This was
a cruel act.
There is compulsory education for all white children at virtually
no cost to their parents, be they rich or poor. Similar facilities are
not provided for the African children, though there are some who receive
such assistance. African children, however, generally have to pay more
for their schooling than whites. According to figures quoted by the South
African Institute of Race Relations in its 1963 journal, approximately
40 per cent of African children in the age group between seven to fourteen
do not attend school. For those who do attend school, the standards are
vastly different from those afforded to white children. In 1960-61 the
per capita Government spending on African students at State-aided schools
was estimated at R12.46. In the same years, the per capita spending on
white children in the Cape Province (which are the only figures available
to me) was R144.57. Although there are no figures available to me, it can
be stated, without doubt, that the white children on whom R144.57 per head
was being spent all came from wealthier homes than African children on
whom R12.46 per head was being spent.
The quality of education is also different. According to the Bantu
Educational Journal, only 5,660 African children in the whole of South
Africa passed their Junior Certificate in 1962, and in that year only 362
passed matric. This is presumably consistent with the policy of Bantu education
about which the present Prime Minister said, during the debate on the Bantu
Education Bill in 1953:
"When I have control of Native education I will reform it so
that Natives will be taught from childhood to realize that equality with
Europeans is not for them . . . People who believe in equality are not
desirable teachers for Natives. When my Department controls Native education
it will know for what class of higher education a Native is fitted, and
whether he will have a chance in life to use his knowledge."
The other main obstacle to the economic advancement of the African
is the industrial color-bar under which all the better jobs of industry
are reserved for Whites only. Moreover, Africans who do obtain employment
in the unskilled and semi-skilled occupations which are open to them are
not allowed to form trade unions which have recognition under the Industrial
Conciliation Act. This means that strikes of African workers are illegal,
and that they are denied the right of collective bargaining which is permitted
to the better-paid White workers. The discrimination in the policy of successive
South African Governments towards African workers is demonstrated by the
so-called 'civilized labor policy' under which sheltered, unskilled Government
jobs are found for those white workers who cannot make the grade in industry,
at wages which far exceed the earnings of the average African employee
in industry.
The Government often answers its critics by saying that Africans
in South Africa are economically better off than the inhabitants of the
other countries in Africa. I do not know whether this statement is true
and doubt whether any comparison can be made without having regard to the
cost-of-living index in such countries. But even if it is true, as far
as the African people are concerned it is irrelevant. Our complaint is
not that we are poor by comparison with people in other countries, but
that we are poor by comparison with the white people in our own country,
and that we are prevented by legislation from altering this imbalance.
The lack of human dignity experienced by Africans is the direct result
of the policy of white supremacy. White supremacy implies black inferiority.
Legislation designed to preserve white supremacy entrenches this notion.
Menial tasks in South Africa are invariably performed by Africans. When
anything has to be carried or cleaned the white man will look around for
an African to do it for him, whether the African is employed by him or
not. Because of this sort of attitude, whites tend to regard Africans as
a separate breed. They do not look upon them as people with families of
their own; they do not realize that they have emotions - that they fall
in love like white people do; that they want to be with their wives and
children like white people want to be with theirs; that they want to earn
enough money to support their families properly, to feed and clothe them
and send them to school. And what 'house-boy' or 'garden-boy' or laborer
can ever hope to do this?
Pass laws, which to the Africans are among the most hated bits of
legislation in South Africa, render any African liable to police surveillance
at any time. I doubt whether there is a single African male in South Africa
who has not at some stage had a brush with the police over his pass. Hundreds
and thousands of Africans are thrown into jail each year under pass laws.
Even worse than this is the fact that pass laws keep husband and wife apart
and lead to the breakdown of family life.
Poverty and the breakdown of family life have secondary effects.
Children wander about the streets of the townships because they have no
schools to go to, or no money to enable them to go to school, or no parents
at home to see that they go to school, because both parents (if there be
two) have to work to keep the family alive. This leads to a breakdown in
moral standards, to an alarming rise in illegitimacy, and to growing violence
which erupts not only politically, but everywhere. Life in the townships
is dangerous. There is not a day that goes by without somebody being stabbed
or assaulted. And violence is carried out of the townships in the white
living areas. People are afraid to walk alone in the streets after dark.
Housebreakings and robberies are increasing, despite the fact that the
death sentence can now be imposed for such offences. Death sentences cannot
cure the festering sore.
Africans want to be paid a living wage. Africans want to perform
work which they are capable of doing, and not work which the Government
declares them to be capable of. Africans want to be allowed to live where
they obtain work, and not be endorsed out of an area because they were
not born there. Africans want to be allowed to own land in places where
they work, and not to be obliged to live in rented houses which they can
never call their own. Africans want to be part of the general population,
and not confined to living in their own ghettoes. African men want to have
their wives and children to live with them where they work, and not be
forced into an unnatural existence in men's hostels. African women want
to be with their menfolk and not be left permanently widowed in the Reserves.
Africans want to be allowed out after eleven o'clock at night and not to
be confined to their rooms like little children. Africans want to be allowed
to travel in their own country and to seek work where they want to and
not where the Labor Bureau tells them to. Africans want a just share in
the whole of South Africa; they want security and a stake in society.
Above all, we want equal political rights, because without them our
disabilities will be permanent. I know this sounds revolutionary to the
whites in this country, because the majority of voters will be Africans.
This makes the white man fear democracy.
But this fear cannot be allowed to stand in the way of the only solution
which will guarantee racial harmony and freedom for all. It is not true
that the enfranchisement of all will result in racial domination. Political
division, based on color, is entirely artificial and, when it disappears,
so will the domination of one color group by another. The ANC has spent
half a century fighting against racialism. When it triumphs it will not
change that policy.
This then is what the ANC is fighting. Their struggle is a truly
national one. It is a struggle of the African people, inspired by their
own suffering and their own experience. It is a struggle for the right
to live.
During my lifetime I have dedicated myself to this struggle of the
African people. I have fought against white domination, and I have fought
against black domination. I have cherished the ideal of a democratic and
free society in which all persons live together in harmony and with equal
opportunities. It is an ideal which I hope to live for and to achieve.
But if needs be, it is an ideal for which I am prepared to die.
Nelson Mandela - April 20, 1964

46. George C.
          Marshall - The Marshall Plan (1947)
Mr. President, Dr. Conant, members of the Board of Overseers, Ladies
and Gentlemen:
I'm profoundly grateful and touched by the great distinction and
honor and great compliment accorded me by the authorities of Harvard this
morning. I'm overwhelmed, as a matter of fact, and I'm rather fearful of
my inability to maintain such a high rating as you've been generous enough
to accord to me. In these historic and lovely surroundings, this perfect
day, and this very wonderful assembly, it is a tremendously impressive
thing to an individual in my position.
But to speak more seriously, I need not tell you that the world situation
is very serious. That must be apparent to all intelligent people. I think
one difficulty is that the problem is one of such enormous complexity that
the very mass of facts presented to the public by press and radio make
it exceedingly difficult for the man in the street to reach a clear appraisement
of the situation. Furthermore, the people of this country are distant from
the troubled areas of the earth and it is hard for them to comprehend the
plight and consequent reactions of the long-suffering peoples, and the
effect of those reactions on their governments in connection with our efforts
to promote peace in the world.
In considering the requirements for the rehabilitation of Europe,
the physical loss of life, the visible destruction of cities, factories,
mines, and railroads was correctly estimated, but it has become obvious
during recent months that this visible destruction was probably less serious
than the dislocation of the entire fabric of European economy. For the
past ten years conditions have been abnormal. The feverish preparation
for war and the more feverish maintenance of the war effort engulfed all
aspects of national economies. Machinery has fallen into disrepair or is
entirely obsolete. Under the arbitrary and destructive Nazi rule, virtually
every possible enterprise was geared into the German war machine.
Long-standing commercial ties, private institutions, banks, insurance
companies, and shipping companies disappeared through loss of capital,
absorption through nationalization, or by simple destruction. In many countries,
confidence in the local currency has been severely shaken. The breakdown
of the business structure of Europe during the war was complete. Recovery
has been seriously retarded by the fact that two years after the close
of hostilities a peace settlement with Germany and Austria has not been
agreed upon. But even given a more prompt solution of these difficult problems,
the rehabilitation of the economic structure of Europe quite evidently
will require a much longer time and greater effort than has been foreseen.
There is a phase of this matter which is both interesting and serious.
The farmer has always produced the foodstuffs to exchange with the city
dweller for the other necessities of life. This division of labor is the
basis of modern civilization. At the present time it is threatened with
breakdown. The town and city industries are not producing adequate goods
to exchange with the food-producing farmer. Raw materials and fuel are
in short supply. Machinery is lacking or worn out. The farmer or the peasant
cannot find the goods for sale which he desires to purchase. So the sale
of his farm produce for money which he cannot use seems to him an unprofitable
transaction. He, therefore, has withdrawn many fields from crop cultivation
and is using them for grazing. He feeds more grain to stock and finds for
himself and his family an ample supply of food, however short he may be
on clothing and the other ordinary gadgets of civilization. Meanwhile,
people in the cities are short of food and fuel, and in some places approaching
the starvation levels. So the governments are forced to use their foreign
money and credits to procure these necessities abroad. This process exhausts
funds which are urgently needed for reconstruction. Thus a very serious
situation is rapidly developing which bodes no good for the world. The
modern system of the division of labor upon which the exchange of products
is based is in danger of breaking down.
The truth of the matter is that Europe's requirements for the next
three or four years of foreign food and other essential products - principally
from America - are so much greater than her present ability to pay that
she must have substantial additional help or face economic, social, and
political deterioration of a very grave character.
The remedy lies in breaking the vicious circle and restoring the
confidence of the European people in the economic future of their own countries
and of Europe as a whole. The manufacturer and the farmer throughout wide
areas must be able and willing to exchange their product for currencies,
the continuing value of which is not open to question.
Aside from the demoralizing effect on the world at large and the
possibilities of disturbances arising as a result of the desperation of
the people concerned, the consequences to the economy of the United States
should be apparent to all. It is logical that the United States should
do whatever it is able to do to assist in the return of normal economic
health in the world, without which there can be no political stability
and no assured peace.
Our policy is directed not against any country or doctrine but against
hunger, poverty, desperation, and chaos. Its purpose should be the revival
of a working economy in the world so as to permit the emergence of political
and social conditions in which free institutions can exist. Such assistance,
I am convinced, must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop.
Any assistance that this Government may render in the future should provide
a cure rather than a mere palliative. Any government that is willing to
assist in the task of recovery will find full cooperation, I am sure, on
the part of the United States Government. Any government which maneuvers
to block the recovery of other countries cannot expect help from us. Furthermore,
governments, political parties, or groups which seek to perpetuate human
misery in order to profit therefrom politically or otherwise will encounter
the opposition of the United States.
It is already evident that, before the United States Government can
proceed much further in its efforts to alleviate the situation and help
start the European world on its way to recovery, there must be some agreement
among the countries of Europe as to the requirements of the situation and
the part those countries themselves will take in order to give proper effect
to whatever action might be undertaken by this Government. It would be
neither fitting nor efficacious for this Government to undertake to draw
up unilaterally a program designed to place Europe on its feet economically.
This is the business of the Europeans. The initiative, I think, must come
from Europe. The role of this country should consist of friendly aid in
the drafting of a European program and of later support of such a program
so far as it may be practical for us to do so. The program should be a
joint one, agreed to by a number, if not all, European nations.
An essential part of any successful action on the part of the United
States is an understanding on the part of the people of America of the
character of the problem and the remedies to be applied. Political passion
and prejudice should have no part. With foresight, and a willingness on
the part of our people to face up to the vast responsibility which history
has clearly placed upon our country the difficulties I have outlined can
and will be overcome.
I am sorry that on each occasion I have said something publicly in
regard to our international situation, I've been forced by the necessities
of the case to enter into rather technical discussions. But to my mind,
it is of vast importance that our people reach some general understanding
of what the complications really are, rather than react from a passion
or a prejudice or an emotion of the moment. As I said more formally a moment
ago, we are remote from the scene of these troubles. It is virtually impossible
at this distance merely by reading, or listening, or even seeing photographs
or motion pictures, to grasp at all the real significance of the situation.
And yet the whole world of the future hangs on a proper judgement. It hangs,
I think, to a large extent on the realization of the American people, of
just what are the various dominant factors. What are the reactions of the
people? What are the justifications of those reactions? What are the sufferings?
What is needed? What can best be done? What must be done?
Thank you very much.
Secretary of State, George C. Marshall - June
5, 1947

47. Vyacheslav
          Molotov - On the Nazi Invasion of the Soviet Union (1941)
Vyacheslav Molotov (1889-1986) was Foreign Minister
of  Soviet Russia when the Nazi-Soviet Non-aggression
Pact was signed, August 23rd, 1939. News of the Pact stunned the world and effectively paved the
way for the beginning of World War II with Hitler assured the Germans
would not face Russian military opposition in response to Nazi aggression in Europe.
Text
  of the Pact and Photo of Signing
Just two weeks after the Pact was signed, Hitler's armies invaded Poland. Then, in accordance with a secret protocol in the Pact, the Russians themselves invaded Poland from the east and the country was divided
up between the Nazis and Soviets.
In 1940,  Hitler's  troops successfully invaded most of Western Europe, achieving
a stunning victory over France.
However, Hitler believed that Nazi Germany's future depended entirely on acquiring  vast expanses of fertile land in the east, namely Russia. He therefore  turned
his attention to  Soviet Russia and launched a "war of annihilation" against the Russians beginning on
June 22nd, 1941. Below is the initial Russian reaction, broadcast via radio to the people
by Molotov himself.

48. Richard
          M. Nixon - "Checkers" (1952)
My Fellow Americans,
I come before you tonight as a candidate for the Vice-presidency
and as a man whose honesty and integrity has been questioned.
Now, the usual political thing to do when charges are made against
you is to either ignore them or to deny them without giving details. I
believe we have had enough of that in the United States, particularly with
the present administration in Washington D.C.
To me, the office of the Vice-presidency of the United States is
a great office, and I feel that the people have got to have confidence
in the integrity of the men who run for that office and who might attain
them.
I have a theory, too, that the best and only answer to a smear or
an honest misunderstanding of the facts is to tell the truth. And that
is why I am here tonight. I want to tell you my side of the case.
I am sure that you have read the charges, and you have heard it,
that I, Senator Nixon, took $18,000 from a group of my supporters.
Now, was that wrong? And let me say that it was wrong. I am saying
it, incidentally, that it was wrong, just not illegal, because it isn't
a question of whether it was legal or illegal, that isn't enough. The question
is, was it morally wrong? I say that it was morally wrong if any of that
$18,000 went to Senator Nixon, for my personal use. I say that it was morally
wrong if it was secretly given and secretly handled.
And I say that it was morally wrong if any of the contributors got
special favors for the contributions that they made.
And to answer those questions let me say this--not a cent of the
$18,000 or any other money of that type ever went to me for my personal
use. Every penny of it was used to pay for political expenses that I did
not think should be charged to the taxpayers of the United States.
It was not a secret fund. As a matter of fact, when I was on "Meet
the Press"--some of you may have seen it last Sunday--Peter Edson
came up to me after the program, and he said, "Dick, what about this
fund we hear about?" And I said, "Well, there is no secret about
it. Go out and see Dana Smith who was the administrator of the fund,"
and I gave him his address. And I said you will find that the purpose of
the fund simply was to defray political expenses that I did not feel should
be charged to the government.
And third, let me point out, and I want to make this particularly
clear, that no contributor to this fund, no contributor to any of my campaigns,
has ever received any consideration that he would not have received as
an ordinary constituent.
I just don't believe in that, and I can say that never, while I have
been in the Senate of the United States, as far as the people that contributed
to this fund are concerned, have I made a telephone call to an agency,
nor have I gone down to an agency on their behalf.
And the records will show that--the records which are in the hands
of the administration.
Well, then, some of you will say, and rightly, "Well, what did
you use the fund for, Senator? Why did you have to have it?"
Let me tell you in just a word how a Senate office operates. First
of all, the Senator gets $15,000 a year in salary. He gets enough money
to pay for one trip a year, a round trip, that is, for himself, and his
family between his home and Washington D.C. And then he gets an allowance
to handle the people that work in his office to handle his mail.
And the allowance for my State of California, is enough to hire 13
people. And let me say, incidentally, that this allowance is not paid to
the Senator.
It is paid directly to the individuals, that the Senator puts on
his payroll, but all of these people and all of these allowances are for
strictly official business--business, for example, when a constituent writes
in and wants you to go down to the Veteran's Administration and get some
information about his GI policy--items of that type for example. But there
are other expenses that are not covered by the government. And I think
I can best discuss those expenses by asking you some questions.
Do you think that when I or any other Senator makes a political speech,
has it printed, should charge the printing of that speech and the mailing
of that speech to the taxpayers?
Do you think, for example, when I or any other Senator makes a trip
to his home state to make a purely political speech that the cost of that
trip should be charged to the taxpayers?
Do you think when a Senator makes political broadcasts or political
television broadcasts, radio or television, that the expense of those broadcasts
should be charged to the taxpayers?
I know what your answer is. It is the same answer that audiences
give me whenever I discuss this particular problem.
The answer is no. The taxpayers should not be required to finance
items which are not official business but which are primarily political
business.
Well, then the question arises, you say, "Well, how do you pay
for these and how can you do it legally?" And there are several ways,
that it can be done, incidentally, and it is done legally in the United
States Senate and in the Congress.
The first way is to be a rich man. So I couldn't use that.
Another way that is used is to put your wife on the payroll. Let
me say, incidentally, that my opponent, my opposite number for the Vice-presidency
on the Democratic ticket, does have his wife on the payroll and has had
her on his payroll for the past ten years. Now let me just say this--That
is his business, and I am not critical of him for doing that. You will
have to pass judgment on that particular point, but I have never done that
for this reason:
I have found that there are so many deserving stenographers and secretaries
in Washington that needed the work that I just didn't feel it was right
to put my wife on the payroll--My wife sitting over there.
She is a wonderful stenographer. She used to teach stenography and
she used to teach shorthand in high school. That was when I met her. And
I can tell you folks that she has worked many hours on Saturdays and Sundays
in my office, and she has done a fine job, and I am proud to say tonight
that in the six years I have been in the Senate of the United States, Pat
Nixon has never been on the government payroll.
What are the other ways that these finances can be taken care of?
Some who are lawyers, and I happen to be a lawyer, continue to practice
law, but I haven't been able to do that.
I am so far away from California and I have been so busy with my
senatorial work that I have not engaged in any legal practice, and, also,
as far as law practice is concerned, it seemed to me that the relationship
between an attorney and the client was so personal that you couldn't possibly
represent a man as an attorney and then have an unbiased view when he presented
his case to you in the event that he had one before government.
And so I felt that the best way to handle these necessary political
expenses of getting my message to the American people and the speeches
I made--the speeches I had printed for the most part concerned this one
message of exposing this administration, the Communism in it, the corruption
in it--the only way I could do that was to accept the aid which people
in my home state of California, who contributed to my campaign and who
continued to make these contributions after I was elected, were glad to
make.
And let me say that I am proud of the fact that not one of them has
ever asked me for a special favor. I am proud of the fact that not one
of them has ever asked me to vote on a bill other than my own conscience
would dictate. And I am proud of the fact that the taxpayers by subterfuge
or otherwise have never paid one dime for expenses which I thought were
political and should not be charged to the taxpayers.
Let me say, incidentally, that some of you may say, "Well, that
is all right, Senator, that is your explanation, but have you got any proof?"
And I would like to tell you this evening that just an hour ago we received
an independent audit of this entire fund. I suggested to Governor Sherman
Adams, who is the chief of staff of the Eisenhower campaign, that an independent
audit and legal report be obtained, and I have that audit in my hand.
It is an audit made by Price Waterhouse & Co. firm, and the legal
opinion by Gibson, Dunn, & Crutcher, lawyers in Los Angeles, the biggest
law firm, and incidentally, one of the best ones in Los Angeles.
I am proud to report to you tonight that this audit and legal opinion
is being forwarded to General Eisenhower and I would like to read to you
the opinion that was prepared by Gibson, Dunn, & Crutcher, based on
all the pertinent laws, and statutes, together with the audit report prepared
by the certified public accountants.
It is our conclusion that Senator Nixon did not obtain any financial
gain from the collection and disbursement of the funds by Dana Smith; that
Senator Nixon did not violate any federal or state law by reason of the
operation of the fund; and that neither the portion of the fund paid by
Dana Smith directly to third persons, nor the portion paid to Senator Nixon,
to reimburse him for office expenses, constituted income in a sense which
was either reportable or taxable as income under income tax laws.
Signed--Gibson, Dunn, & Crutcher, by Elmo Conley
That is not Nixon speaking, but it is an independent audit which
was requested because I want the American people to know all the facts
and I am not afraid of having independent people go in and check the facts,
and that is exactly what they did.
But then I realized that there are still some who may say, and rightly
so--and let me say that I recognize that some will continue to smear regardless
of what the truth may be--but that there has been understandably, some
honest misunderstanding on this matter, and there are some that will say,
"Well, maybe you were able, Senator, to fake the thing. How can we
believe what you say--after all, is there a possibility that maybe you
got some sums in cash? Is there a possibility that you might have feathered
your own nest?" And so now, what I am going to do--and incidentally
this is unprecedented in the history of American politics--I am going at
this time to give to this television and radio audience, a complete financial
history, everything I have earned, everything I have spent and everything
I own, and I want you to know the facts.
I will have to start early, I was born in 1913. Our family was one
of modest circumstances, and most of my early life was spent in a store
out in East Whittier. It was a grocery store, one of those family enterprises.
The only reason we were able to make it go was because my mother
and dad had five boys, and we all worked in the store. I worked my way
through college, and, to a great extent, through law school. And then in
1940, probably the best thing that ever happened to me happened. I married
Pat who is sitting over here.
We had a rather difficult time after we were married, like so many
of the young couples who might be listening to us. I practiced law. She
continued to teach school.
Then, in 1942, I went into the service. Let me say that my service
record was not a particularly unusual one. I went to the South Pacific.
I guess I'm entitled to a couple of battle stars. I got a couple of letters
of commendation. But I was just there when the bombs were falling. And
then I returned. I returned to the United States, and in 1946, I ran for
Congress. When we came out of the war--Pat and I--Pat during the war had
worked as a stenographer, and in a bank, and as an economist for a government
agency--and when we came out, the total of our savings, from both my law
practice, her teaching and all the time I was in the war, the total for
that entire period was just less than $10,000--every cent of that, incidentally,
was in government bonds--well, that's where we start, when I go into politics.
Now, whatever I earned since I went into politics--well, here it
is. I jotted it down. Let me read the notes.
First of all, I have had my salary as a Congressman and as a Senator.
Second, I have received a total in this past six years of $1,600
from estates which were in my law firm at the time that I severed my connection
with it. And, incidentally, as I said before, I have not engaged in any
legal practice, and have not accepted any fees from business that came
into the firm after I went into politics.
I have made an average of approximately $1,500 a year from nonpolitical
speaking engagements and lectures.
And then, unfortunately, we have inherited little money. Pat sold
her interest in her father's estate for $3,000, and I inherited $1,500
from my grandfather. We lived rather modestly.
For four years we lived in an apartment in Parkfairfax, Alexandria
Virginia. The rent was $80 a month. And we saved for a time when we could
buy a house. Now that was what we took in.
What did we do with this money? What do we have today to show for
it? This will surprise you because it is so little. I suppose as standards
generally go of people in public life.
First of all, we've got a house in Washington, which cost $41,000
and on which we owe $20,000. We have a house in Whittier, California which
cost $13,000 and on which we owe $3,000. My folks are living there at the
present time.
I have just $4,000 in life insurance, plus my GI policy which I have
never been able to convert, and which will run out in two years.
I have no life insurance whatever on Pat. I have no life insurance
on our two youngsters, Patricia and Julie.
I own a 1950 Oldsmobile car. We have our furniture. We have no stocks
and bonds of any type. We have no interest, direct or indirect, in any
business. Now that is what we have. What do we owe?
Well, in addition to the mortgages, the $20,000 mortgage on the house
in Washington and the $10,000 mortgage on the house in Whittier, I owe
$4,000 to the Riggs Bank in Washington D.C. with an interest at 4 percent.
I owe $3,500 to my parents, and the interest on that loan, which
I pay regularly, because it is a part of the savings they made through
the years they were working so hard--I pay regularly 4 percent interest.
And then I have a $500 loan, which I have on my life insurance. Well, that's
about it. That's what we have. And that's what we owe. It isn't very much.
But Pat and I have the satisfaction that every
dime that we have got is honestly ours.
I should say this, that Pat doesn't have a
mink coat. But she does have a respectable Republican cloth coat, and I
always tell her she would look good in anything.
One other thing I probably should tell you,
because if I don't they will probably be saying this about me, too. We
did get something, a gift, after the election.
A man down in Texas heard Pat on the radio
mention the fact that our two youngsters would like to have a dog, and,
believe it or not, the day before we left on this campaign trip we got
a message from Union Station in Baltimore, saying they had a package for
us. We went down to get it. You know what it was?
It was a little cocker spaniel dog, in a crate
that he had sent all the way from Texas, black and white, spotted, and
our little girl Tricia, the six year old, named it Checkers.
And you know, the kids, like all kids, loved
the dog, and I just want to say this, right now, that regardless of what
they say about it, we are going to keep it.
It isn't easy to come before a nation-wide audience and bare your
life, as I have done. But I want to say some things before I conclude,
that I think most of you will agree on.
Mr. Mitchell, the Chairman of the Democratic National Committee,
made this statement that if a man couldn't afford to be in the United States
Senate, he shouldn't run for senate. And I just want to make my position
clear.
I don't agree with Mr. Mitchell when he says that only a rich man
should serve his government in the United States Senate or Congress. I
don't believe that represents the thinking of the Democratic Party, and
I know it doesn't represent the thinking of the Republican Party.
I believe that it's fine that a man like Governor Stevenson, who
inherited a fortune from his father, can run for President. But I also
feel that it is essential in this country of ours that a man of modest
means can also run for President, because, you know--remember Abraham Lincoln--you
remember what he said--"God must have loved the common people, he
made so many of them."
And now I'm going to suggest some courses of conduct.
First of all, you have read in the papers about other funds, now,
Mr. Stevenson apparently had a couple. One of them in which a group of
business people paid and helped to supplement the salaries of state employees.
Here is where the money went directly into their pockets, and I think that
what Mr. Stevenson should do should be to come before the American people,
as I have, give the names of the people that contributed to that fund,
give the names of the people who put this money into their pockets, at
the same time that they were receiving money from their state government
and see what favors, if any, they gave out for that.
I don't condemn Mr. Stevenson for what he did, but until the facts
are in, there is a doubt that would be raised. And as far as Mr. Sparkman
is concerned, I would suggest the same thing. He's had his wife on the
payroll. I don't condemn him for that, but I think that he should come
before the American people and indicate what outside sources of income
he has had. I would suggest that under the circumstances both Mr. Sparkman
and Mr. Stevenson should come before the American people, as I have, and
make a complete financial statement as to their financial history, and
if they don't, it will be an admission that they have something to hide.
And I think you will agree with me--because, folks, remember, a man
that's to be President of the United States, a man that is to be Vice President
of the United States, must have the confidence of all the people. And that's
why I'm doing what I'm doing. And that is why I suggest that Mr. Stevenson
and Mr. Sparkman, if they are under attack, that should be what they are
doing.
Now let me say this: I know this is not the last of the smears. In
spite of my explanation tonight, other smears will be made. Others have
been made in the past. And the purpose of the smears, I know, is this,
to silence me, to make me let up.
Well, they just don't know who they are dealing with. I'm going to
tell you this: I remember in the dark days of the Hiss trial some of the
same columnists, some of the same radio commentators who are attacking
me now and misrepresenting my position, were violently opposing me at the
time I was after Alger Hiss. But I continued to fight because I knew I
was right, and I can say to this great television and radio audience that
I have no apologies to the American people for my part in putting Alger
Hiss where he is today. And as far as this is concerned, I intend to continue
to fight.
Why do I feel so deeply? Why do I feel that in spite of the smears,
the misunderstanding, the necessity for a man to come up here and bare
his soul? And I want to tell you why.
Because, you see, I love my country. And I think my country is in
danger. And I think the only man that can save America at this time is
the man that's running for President, on my ticket, Dwight Eisenhower.
You say, why do I think it is in danger? And I say look at the record.
Seven years of the Truman-Acheson administration, and what's happened?
Six hundred million people lost to Communists.
And a war in Korea in which we have lost 117,000 American casualties,
and I say that those in the State Department that made the mistakes which
caused that war and which resulted in those losses should be kicked out
of the State Department just as fast as we can get them out of there.
And let me say that I know Mr. Stevenson won't do that because he
defends the Truman policy, and I know that Dwight Eisenhower will do that,
and he will give America the leadership that it needs.
Take the problem of corruption. You have read about the mess in Washington.
Mr. Stevenson can't clean it up because he was picked by the man, Truman,
under whose Administration the mess was made.
You wouldn't trust the man who made the mess to clean it up. That
is Truman. And by the same token you can't trust the man who was picked
by the man who made the mess to clean it up and that's Stevenson. And so
I say, Eisenhower who owes nothing to Truman, nothing to the big city bosses--he
is the man who can clean up the mess in Washington.
Take Communism. I say as far as that subject is concerned the danger
is greater to America. In the Hiss case they got the secrets which enabled
them to break the American secret State Department code.
They got secrets in the atomic bomb case which enabled them to get
the secret of the atomic bomb five years before they would have gotten
it by their own devices. And I say that any man who called the Alger Hiss
case a red herring isn't fit to be President of the United States.
I say that a man who, like Mr. Stevenson, has pooh-poohed and ridiculed
the Communist threat in the United States--he has accused us, that they
have attempted to expose the Communists, of looking for Communists in the
Bureau of Fisheries and Wildlife. I say that a man who says that isn't
qualified to be President of the United States.
And I say that the only man who can lead us into this fight to rid
the government of both those who are Communists and those who have corrupted
this government is Eisenhower, because General Eisenhower, you can be sure,
recognizes the problem, and knows how to handle it.
Let me say this, finally. This evening I want to read to you just
briefly excerpts from a letter that I received, a letter, which after all
this is over, no one can take away from us. It reads as follows:
Dear Senator Nixon,
Since I am only 19 years of age, I can't vote in this presidential
election, but believe me if I could, you and General Eisenhower would certainly
get my vote. My husband is in the Fleet Marines in Korea. He is in the
front lines. And we have a two month old son he has never seen. And I feel
confident that with great Americans like you and General Eisenhower in
the White House, lonely Americans like myself will be united with their
loved ones now in Korea. I only pray to God that you won't be too late.
Enclosed is a small check to help you with your campaign. Living on $85
a month it is all I can do.
Folks, it is a check for $10, and it is one that I shall never cash.
And let me just say this: We hear a lot about prosperity these days, but
I say why can't we have prosperity built on peace, rather than prosperity
built on war? Why can't we have prosperity and an honest government in
Washington D.C. at the same time?
Believe me, we can. And Eisenhower is the man that can lead the crusade
to bring us that kind of prosperity.
And now, finally, I know that you wonder whether or not I am going
to stay on the Republican ticket or resign. Let me say this: I don't believe
that I ought to quit, because I am not a quitter. And, incidentally, Pat
is not a quitter. After all, her name is Patricia Ryan and she was born
on St. Patrick's day, and you know the Irish never quit.
But the decision, my friends, is not mine. I would do nothing that
would harm the possibilities of Dwight Eisenhower to become President of
the United States. And for that reason I am submitting to the Republican
National Committee tonight through this television broadcast the decision
which it is theirs to make. Let them decide whether my position on the
ticket will help or hurt. And I am going to ask you to help them decide.
Wire and write the Republican National Committee whether you think I should
stay on or whether I should get off. And whatever their decision, I will
abide by it.
But let me just say this last word. Regardless of what happens, I
am going to continue this fight. I am going to campaign up and down America
until we drive the crooks and the Communists and those that defend them
out of Washington, and remember folks, Eisenhower is a great man. Folks,
he is a great man, and a vote for Eisenhower is a vote for what is good
for America.
Richard M. Nixon - September 23, 1952

49. Richard M. Nixon
          - Resigning the Presidency (1974)
Good evening. This is the 37th time I have spoken to you from this
office, where so many decisions have been made that shaped the history
of this Nation. Each time I have done so to discuss with you some matter
that I believe affected the national interest.
In all the decisions I have made in my public life, I have always
tried to do what was best for the Nation. Throughout the long and difficult
period of Watergate, I have felt it was my duty to persevere, to make every
possible effort to complete the term of office to which you elected me.
In the past few days, however, it has become evident to me that I
no longer have a strong enough political base in the Congress to justify
continuing that effort. As long as there was such a base, I felt strongly
that it was necessary to see the constitutional process through to its
conclusion, that to do otherwise would be unfaithful to the spirit of that
deliberately difficult process and a dangerously destabilizing precedent
for the future.
But with the disappearance of that base, I now believe that the constitutional
purpose has been served, and there is no longer a need for the process
to be prolonged.
I would have preferred to carry through to the finish whatever the
personal agony it would have involved, and my family unanimously urged
me to do so. But the interest of the Nation must always come before any
personal considerations.
From the discussions I have had with Congressional and other leaders,
I have concluded that because of the Watergate matter I might not have
the support of the Congress that I would consider necessary to back the
very difficult decisions and carry out the duties of this office in the
way the interests of the Nation would require.
I have never been a quitter. To leave office before my term is completed
is abhorrent to every instinct in my body. But as President, I must put
the interest of America first.
America needs a full-time President and a full-time Congress, particularly
at this time with problems we face at home and abroad.
To continue to fight through the months ahead for my personal vindication
would almost totally absorb the time and attention of both the President
and the Congress in a period when our entire focus should be on the great
issues of peace abroad and prosperity without inflation at home.
Therefore, I shall resign the Presidency effective at noon tomorrow.
Vice President Ford will be sworn in as President at that hour in this
office.
As I recall the high hopes for America with which we began this second
term, I feel a great sadness that I will not be here in this office working
on your behalf to achieve those hopes in the next 2 1/2 years. But in turning
over direction of the Government to Vice President Ford, I know, as I told
the Nation when I nominated him for that office 10 months ago, that the
leadership of America will be in good hands.
In passing this office to the Vice President, I also do so with the
profound sense of the weight of responsibility that will fall on his shoulders
tomorrow and, therefore, of the understanding, the patience, the cooperation
he will need from all Americans.
As he assumes that responsibility, he will deserve the help and the
support of all of us. As we look to the future, the first essential is
to begin healing the wounds of this Nation, to put the bitterness and divisions
of the recent past behind us, and to rediscover those shared ideals that
lie at the heart of our strength and unity as a great and as a free people.
By taking this action, I hope that I will have hastened the start
of that process of healing which is so desperately needed in America.
I regret deeply any injuries that may have been done in the course
of the events that led to this decision. I would say only that if some
of my judgments were wrong, and some were wrong, they were made in what
I believed at the time to be the best interest of the Nation.
To those who have stood with me during these past difficult months,
to my family, my friends, to many others who joined in supporting my cause
because they believed it was right, I will be eternally grateful for your
support.
And to those who have not felt able to give me your support, let
me say I leave with no bitterness toward those who have opposed me, because
all of us, in the final analysis, have been concerned with the good of
the country, however our judgments might differ.
So, let us all now join together in affirming that common commitment
and in helping our new President succeed for the benefit of all Americans.
I shall leave this office with regret at not completing my term,
but with gratitude for the privilege of serving as your President for the
past 5 1/2 years. These years have been a momentous time in the history
of our Nation and the world. They have been a time of achievement in which
we can all be proud, achievements that represent the shared efforts of
the Administration, the Congress, and the people.
But the challenges ahead are equally great, and they, too, will require
the support and the efforts of the Congress and the people working in cooperation
with the new Administration.
We have ended America's longest war, but in the work of securing
a lasting peace in the world, the goals ahead are even more far-reaching
and more difficult. We must complete a structure of peace so that it will
be said of this generation, our generation of Americans, by the people
of all nations, not only that we ended one war but that we prevented future
wars.
We have unlocked the doors that for a quarter of a century stood
between the United States and the People's Republic of China.
We must now ensure that the one quarter of the world's people who
live in the People's Republic of China will be and remain not our enemies
but our friends.
In the Middle East, 100 million people in the Arab countries, many
of whom have considered us their enemy for nearly 20 years, now look on
us as their friends. We must continue to build on that friendship so that
peace can settle at last over the Middle East and so that the cradle of
civilization will not become its grave.
Together with the Soviet Union we have made the crucial breakthroughs
that have begun the process of limiting nuclear arms. But we must set as
our goal not just limiting but reducing and finally destroying these terrible
weapons so that they cannot destroy civilization and so that the threat
of nuclear war will no longer hang over the world and the people.
We have opened the new relation with the Soviet Union. We must continue
to develop and expand that new relationship so that the two strongest nations
of the world will live together in cooperation rather than confrontation.
Around the world, in Asia, in Africa, in Latin America, in the Middle
East, there are millions of people who live in terrible poverty, even starvation.
We must keep as our goal turning away from production for war and expanding
production for peace so that people everywhere on this earth can at last
look forward in their children's time, if not in our own time, to having
the necessities for a decent life.
Here in America, we are fortunate that most of our people have not
only the blessings of liberty but also the means to live full and good
and, by the world's standards, even abundant lives. We must press on, however,
toward a goal of not only more and better jobs but of full opportunity
for every American and of what we are striving so hard right now to achieve,
prosperity without inflation.
For more than a quarter of a century in public life I have shared
in the turbulent history of this era. I have fought for what I believed
in. I have tried to the best of my ability to discharge those duties and
meet those responsibilities that were entrusted to me.
Sometimes I have succeeded and sometimes I have failed, but always
I have taken heart from what Theodore Roosevelt once said about the man
in the arena, "whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood, who
strives valiantly, who errs and comes short again and again because there
is not effort without error and shortcoming, but who does actually strive
to do the deed, who knows the great enthusiasms, the great devotions, who
spends himself in a worthy cause, who at the best knows in the end the
triumphs of high achievements and who at the worst, if he fails, at least
fails while daring greatly."
I pledge to you tonight that as long as I have a breath of life in
my body, I shall continue in that spirit. I shall continue to work for
the great causes to which I have been dedicated throughout my years as
a Congressman, a Senator, a Vice President, and President, the cause of
peace not just for America but among all nations, prosperity, justice,
and opportunity for all of our people.
There is one cause above all to which I have been devoted and to
which I shall always be devoted for as long as I live.
When I first took the oath of office as President 5 1/2 years ago,
I made this sacred commitment, to "consecrate my office, my energies,
and all the wisdom I can summon to the cause of peace among nations."
I have done my very best in all the days since to be true to that
pledge. As a result of these efforts, I am confident that the world is
a safer place today, not only for the people of America but for the people
of all nations, and that all of our children have a better chance than
before of living in peace rather than dying in war.
This, more than anything, is what I hoped to achieve when I sought
the Presidency. This, more than anything, is what I hope will be my legacy
to you, to our country, as I leave the Presidency.
To have served in this office is to have felt a very personal sense
of kinship with each and every American. In leaving it, I do so with this
prayer: May God's grace be with you.
President Richard Nixon - August 8, 1974

50. Richard
          M. Nixon - White House Farewell (1974)
I think the record should show that this is one of those spontaneous
things that we always arrange whenever the President comes in to speak,
and it will be so reported in the press, and we don't mind, because they
have to call it as they see it.
But on our part, believe me, it is spontaneous.
You are here to say goodbye to us, and we don't have a good word
for it in English -- the best is au revoir. We'll see you again.
I just met with the members of the White House staff, you know, those
who serve here in the White House day in and day out, and I asked them
to do what I ask all of you to do to the extent that you can and, of course,
are requested to do so: to serve our next President as you have served
me and previous Presidents -- because many of you have been here for many
years -- with devotion and dedication, because this office, great as it
is, can only be as great as the men and women who work for and with the
President.
This house, for example -- I was thinking of it as we walked down
this hall, and I was comparing it to some of the great houses of the world
that I have been in. This isn't the biggest house. Many, and most, in even
smaller countries, are much bigger. This isn't the finest house. Many in
Europe, particularly, and in China, Asia, have paintings of great, great
value, things that we just don't have here and, probably, will never have
until we are 1,000 years old or older.
But this is the best house. It is the best house, because it has
something far more important than numbers of people who serve, far more
important than numbers of rooms or how big it is, far more important than
numbers of magnificent pieces of art.
This house has a great heart, and that heart comes from those who
serve. I was rather sorry they didn't come down. We said goodbye to them
upstairs. But they are really great. And I recall after so many times I
have made speeches, and some of them pretty tough, yet, I always come back,
or after a hard day -- and my days usually have run rather long -- I would
always get a lift from them, because I might be a little down but they
always smiled.
And so it is with you. I look around here, and I see so many on this
staff that, you know, I should have been by your offices and shaken hands,
and I would love to have talked to you and found out how to run the world
-- everybody wants to tell the President what to do, and boy, he needs
to be told many times -- but I just haven't had the time. But I want you
to know that each and every one of you, I know, is indispensable to this
Government.
I am proud of this Cabinet. I am proud of all the members who have
served in our Cabinet. I am proud of our sub-Cabinet. I am proud of our
White House Staff. As I pointed out last night, sure, we have done some
things wrong in this Administration, and the top man always takes the responsibility,
and I have never ducked it. But I want to say one thing: We can be proud
of it -- five and a half years. No man or no woman came into this Administration
and left it with more of this world's goods than when he came in. No man
or no woman ever profited at the public expense or the public till. That
tells something about you.
Mistakes, yes. But for personal gain, never. You did what you believed
in. Sometimes right, sometimes wrong. And I only wish that I were a wealthy
man -- at the present time, I have got to find a way to pay my taxes --
and if I were, I would like to recompense you for the sacrifices that all
of you have made to serve in government.
But you are getting something in government -- and I want you to
tell this to your children, and I hope the Nation's children will hear
it, too -- something in government service that is far more important than
money. It is a cause bigger than yourself. It is the cause of making this
the greatest nation in the world, the leader of the world, because without
our leadership, the world will know nothing but war, possibly starvation
or worse, in the years ahead. With our leadership it will know peace, it
will know plenty.
We have been generous, and we will be more generous in the future
as we are able to. But most important, we must be strong here, strong in
our hearts, strong in our souls, strong in our belief, and strong in our
willingness to sacrifice, as you have been willing to sacrifice, in a pecuniary
way, to serve in government.
There is something else I would like for you to tell your young people.
You know, people often come in and say, "What will I tell my kids?"
They look at government and say, sort of a rugged life, and they see the
mistakes that are made. They get the impression that everybody is here
for the purpose of feathering his nest. That is why I made this earlier
point -- not in this Administration, not one single man or woman.
And I say to them, there are many fine careers. This country needs
good farmers, good businessmen, good plumbers, good carpenters.
I remember my old man. I think that they would have called him sort
of a little man, common man. He didn't consider himself that way. You know
what he was? He was a streetcar motorman first, and then he was a farmer,
and then he had a lemon ranch. It was the poorest lemon ranch in California,
I can assure you. He sold it before they found oil on it. [Laughter] And
then he was a grocer. But he was a great man, because he did his job, and
every job counts up to the hilt, regardless of what happens.
Nobody will ever write a book, probably, about my mother. Well, I
guess all of you would say this about your mother -- my mother was a saint.
And I think of her, two boys dying of tuberculosis, nursing four others
in order that she could take care of my older brother for three years in
Arizona, and seeing each of them die, and when they died, it was like one
of her own.
Yes, she will have no books written about her. But she was a saint.
Now, however, we look to the future. I had a little quote in the
speech last night from T.R. [Theodore Roosevelt]. As you know, I kind of
like to read books. I am not educated, but I do read books -- and the T.R.
quote was a pretty good one. Here is another one I found as I was reading,
my last night in the White House, and this quote is about a young man.
He was a young lawyer in New York. He had married a beautiful girl, and
they had a lovely daughter, and then suddenly she died, and this is what
he wrote. This was in his diary.
He said, "She was beautiful in face and form and lovelier still
in spirit. As a flower she grew and as a fair young flower she died. Her
life had been always in the sunshine. There had never come to her a single
great sorrow. None ever knew her who did not love and revere her for her
bright and sunny temper and her saintly unselfishness. Fair, pure and joyous
as a maiden, loving, tender and happy as a young wife. When she had just
become a mother, when her life seemed to be just begun and when the years
seemed so bright before her, then by a strange and terrible fate death
came to her. And when my heart's dearest died, the light went from my life
forever."
That was T.R. in his twenties. He thought the light had gone from
his life forever -- but he went on. And he not only became President but,
as an ex-President, he served his country, always in the arena, tempestuous,
strong, sometimes wrong, sometimes right, but he was a man.
And as I leave, let me say, that is an example I think all of us
should remember. We think sometimes when things happen that don't go the
right way; we think that when you don't pass the bar exam the first time
-- I happened to, but I was just lucky; I mean, my writing was so poor
the bar examiner said, "We have just got to let the guy through."
We think that when someone dear to us dies, we think that when we lose
an election, we think that when we suffer a defeat that all is ended. We
think, as T.R. said, that the light had left his life forever. Not true.
It is only a beginning, always. The young must know it; the old must
know it. It must always sustain us, because the greatness comes not when
things go always good for you, but the greatness comes and you are really
tested, when you take some knocks, some disappointments, when sadness comes,
because only if you have been in the deepest valley can you ever know how
magnificent it is to be on the highest mountain.
And so I say to you on this occasion, as we leave, we leave proud
of the people who have stood by us and worked for us and served this country.
We want you to be proud of what you have done. We want you to continue
to serve in government, if that is your wish.
Always give your best, never get discouraged, never be petty; always
remember, others may hate you, but those who hate you don't win unless
you hate them, and then you destroy yourself.
And so, we leave with high hopes, in good spirit, and with deep humility,
and with very much gratefulness in our hearts. I can only say to each and
every one of you, we come from many faiths, we pray perhaps to different
gods -- but really the same God in a sense -- but I want to say for each
and every one of you, not only will we always remember you, not only will
we always be grateful to you but always you will be in our hearts and you
will be in our prayers.
Thank you very much.
Richard Nixon - August 9, 1974

51. Daniel O'Connell
          - Justice for Ireland (1836)
It appears to me impossible to suppose that the House will consider
me presumptuous in wishing to be heard for a short time on this question,
especially after the distinct manner in which I have been alluded to in
the course of the debate. If I had no other excuse, that would be sufficient;
but I do not want it; I have another and a better -- the question is one
in the highest degree interesting to the people of Ireland. It is, whether
we mean to do justice to that country -- whether we mean to continue the
injustice which has been already done to it, or to hold out the hope that
it will be treated in the same manner as England and Scotland. That is
the question. We know what "lip service" is; we do not want that.
There are some men who will even declare that they are willing to refuse
justice to Ireland; while there are others who, though they are ashamed
to say so, are ready to consummate the iniquity, and they do so.
England never did do justice to Ireland -- she never did. What we
have got of it we have extorted from men opposed to us on principle --
against which principle they have made us such concessions as we have obtained
from them. The right honorable baronet opposite [Sir Robert Peel] says
he does not distinctly understand what is meant by a principle. I believe
him. He advocated religious exclusion on religious motives; he yielded
that point at length, when we were strong enough to make it prudent for
him to do so.
Here am I calling for justice to Ireland; but there is a coalition
tonight -- not a base unprincipled one -- God forbid! -- it is an extremely
natural one; I mean that between the right honorable baronet and the noble
lord the member for North Lancashire [Lord Stanley]. It is a natural coalition,
and it is impromptu; for the noble lord informs us he had not even a notion
of taking the part he has until the moment at which he seated himself where
he now is. I know his candor; he told us it was a sudden inspiration which
induced him to take part against Ireland. I believe it with the most potent
faith, because I know that he requires no preparation for voting against
the interests of the Irish people. [Groans.] I thank you for that groan
-- it is just of a piece with the rest. I regret much that I have been
thrown upon arguing this particular question, because I should have liked
to have dwelt upon the speech which has been so graciously delivered from
the throne today -- to have gone into its details, and to have pointed
out the many great and beneficial alterations and amendments in our existing
institutions which it hints at and recommends to the House. The speech
of last year was full of reforms in words, and in words only; but this
speech contains the great leading features of all the salutary reforms
the country wants; and if they are worked out fairly and honestly in detail,
I am convinced the country will require no further amelioration of its
institutions, and that it will become the envy and admiration of the world.
I, therefore, hail the speech with great satisfaction.
It has been observed that the object of a king's speech is to say
as little in as many words as possible; but this speech contains more things
than words -- it contains those great principles which, adopted in practice,
will be most salutary not only to the British Empire, but to the world.
When speaking of our foreign policy, it rejoices in the cooperation between
France and this country; but it abstains from conveying any ministerial
approbation of alterations in the domestic laws of that country which aim
at the suppression of public liberty, and the checking of public discussion,
such as call for individual reprobation, and which I reprobate as much
as any one. I should like to know whether there is a statesman in the country
who will get up in this House and avow his approval of such proceedings
on the part of the French government. I know it may be done out of the
House amid the cheers of an assembly of friends; but the government have,
in my opinion, wisely abstained from reprobating such measures in the speech,
while they have properly exulted in such a union of the two countries as
will contribute to the national independence and the public liberty of
Europe.
Years are coming over me, but my heart is as young and as ready as
ever in the service of my country, of which I glory in being the pensionary
and the hired advocate. I stand in a situation in which no man ever stood
yet -- the faithful friend of my country -- its servant -- its stave, if
you will -- I speak its sentiments by turns to you and to itself. I require
no 20,000,000 on behalf of Ireland -- I ask you only for justice:
will you -- can you -- I will not say dare you refuse, because that would
make you turn the other way. I implore you, as English gentlemen, to take
this matter into consideration now, because you never had such an opportunity
of conciliating. Experience makes fools wise; you are not fools, but you
have yet to be convinced. I cannot forget the year 1825. We begged then
as we would for a beggar's boon; we asked for emancipation by all that
is sacred amongst us, and I remember how my speech and person were treated
on the Treasury Bench, when I had no opportunity of reply. The other place
turned us out and sent us back again, but we showed that justice was with
us. The noble lord says the other place has declared the same sentiments
with himself; but he could not use a worse argument. It is the very reason
why we should acquiesce in the measure of reform, for we have no hope from
that House -- all our hopes are centered in this; and I am the living representative
of those hopes. I have no other reason for adhering to the ministry than
because they, the chosen representatives of the people of England, are
anxiously determined to give the same measure of reform to Ireland as that
which England has received. I have not fatigued myself, but the House,
in coming forward upon this occasion. I may be laughed and sneered at by
those who talk of my power; but what has created it but the injustice that
has been done in Ireland? That is the end and the means of the magic, if
you please -- the groundwork of my influence in Ireland. If you refuse
justice to that country, it is a melancholy consideration to me to think
that you are adding substantially to that power and influence, while you
are wounding my country to its very heart's core; weakening that throne,
the monarch who sits upon which, you say you respect; severing that union
which, you say, is bound together by the tightest links, and withholding
that justice from Ireland which she will not cease to seek till it is obtained;
every man must admit that the course I am taking is the legitimate and
proper course -- I defy any man to say it is not. Condemn me elsewhere
as much as you please, but this you must admit. You may taunt the ministry
with having coalesced me, you may raise the vulgar cry of "Irishman
and Papist" against me, you may send out men called ministers of God
to slander and calumniate me; they may assume whatever garb they please,
but the question comes into this narrow compass. I demand, I respectfully
insist: on equal justice for Ireland, on the same principle by which it
has been administered to Scotland and England. I will not take less. Refuse
me that if you can.
Daniel O'Connell - February 4, 1836

52. William Lyon
          Phelps - The Pleasure of Books (1933)
The habit of reading is one of the greatest resources of mankind;
and we enjoy reading books that belong to us much more than if they are
borrowed. A borrowed book is like a guest in the house; it must be treated
with punctiliousness, with a certain considerate formality. You must see
that it sustains no damage; it must not suffer while under your roof. You
cannot leave it carelessly, you cannot mark it, you cannot turn down the
pages, you cannot use it familiarly. And then, some day, although this
is seldom done, you really ought to return it.
But your own books belong to you; you treat them with that affectionate
intimacy that annihilates formality. Books are for use, not for show; you
should own no book that you are afraid to mark up, or afraid to place on
the table, wide open and face down. A good reason for marking favorite
passages in books is that this practice enables you to remember more easily
the significant sayings, to refer to them quickly, and then in later years,
it is like visiting a forest where you once blazed a trail. You have the
pleasure of going over the old ground, and recalling both the intellectual
scenery and your own earlier self.
Everyone should begin collecting a private library in youth; the
instinct of private property, which is fundamental in human beings, can
here be cultivated with every advantage and no evils. One should have one's
own bookshelves, which should not have doors, glass windows, or keys; they
should be free and accessible to the hand as well as to the eye. The best
of mural decorations is books; they are more varied in color and appearance
than any wallpaper, they are more attractive in design, and they have the
prime advantage of being separate personalities, so that if you sit alone
in the room in the firelight, you are surrounded with intimate friends.
The knowledge that they are there in plain view is both stimulating and
refreshing. You do not have to read them all. Most of my indoor life is
spent in a room containing six thousand books; and I have a stock answer
to the invariable question that comes from strangers. "Have you read
all of these books?"
"Some of them twice." This reply is both true and unexpected.
There are of course no friends like living, breathing, corporeal
men and women; my devotion to reading has never made me a recluse. How
could it? Books are of the people, by the people, for the people. Literature
is the immortal part of history; it is the best and most enduring part
of personality. But book-friends have this advantage over living friends;
you can enjoy the most truly aristocratic society in the world whenever
you want it. The great dead are beyond our physical reach, and the great
living are usually almost as inaccessible; as for our personal friends
and acquaintances, we cannot always see them. Perchance they are asleep,
or away on a journey. But in a private library, you can at any moment converse
with Socrates or Shakespeare or Carlyle or Dumas or Dickens or Shaw or
Barrie or Galsworthy. And there is no doubt that in these books you see
these men at their best. They wrote for
you.
They "laid themselves
out," they did their ultimate best to entertain you, to make a favorable
impression. You are necessary to them as an audience is to an actor; only
instead of seeing them masked, you look into their innermost heart of heart.
William Lyon Phelps - 1933

53. Pope
          John Paul II - At Israel's Holocaust Memorial (2000)
The words of the ancient Psalm, rise from our hearts: "I have
become like a broken vessel. I hear the whispering of many -- terror on
every side -- as they scheme together against me, as they plot to take
my life. But I trust in you, O Lord: I say, 'you are my God."' (Psalms
31:13-15)
In this place of memories, the mind and heart and soul feel an extreme
need for silence. Silence in which to remember. Silence in which to try
to make some sense of the memories which come flooding back. Silence because
there are no words strong enough to deplore the terrible tragedy of the
Shoah.
My own personal memories are of all that happened when the Nazis
occupied Poland during the war. I remember my Jewish friends and neighbors,
some of whom perished, while others survived. I have come to Yad Vashem
to pay homage to the millions of Jewish people who, stripped of everything,
especially of human dignity, were murdered in the Holocaust. More than
half a century has passed, but the memories remain.
Here, as at Auschwitz and many other places in Europe, we are overcome
by the echo of the heart-rending laments of so many. Men, women and children,
cry out to us from the depths of the horror that they knew. How can we
fail to heed their cry? No one can forget or ignore what happened. No one
can diminish its scale.
We wish to remember. But we wish to remember for a purpose, namely
to ensure that never again will evil prevail, as it did for the millions
of innocent victims of Nazism.
How could man have such utter contempt for man? Because he had reached
the point of contempt for God. Only a godless ideology could plan and carry
out the extermination of a whole people.
The honor given to the 'Just Gentiles' by the state of Israel at
Yad Vashem for having acted heroically to save Jews, sometimes to the point
of giving their own lives, is a recognition that not even in the darkest
hour is every light extinguished. That is why the Psalms and the entire
Bible, though well aware of the human capacity for evil, also proclaims
that evil will not have the last word.
Out of the depths of pain and sorrow, the believer's heart cries
out: "I trust in you, O Lord: 'I say, you are my God."' (Psalms
31:14)
Jews and Christians share an immense spiritual patrimony, flowing
from God's self-revelation. Our religious teachings and our spiritual experience
demand that we overcome evil with good. We remember, but not with any desire
for vengeance or as an incentive to hatred. For us, to remember is to pray
for peace and justice, and to commit ourselves to their cause. Only a world
at peace, with justice for all, can avoid repeating the mistakes and terrible
crimes of the past.
As bishop of Rome and successor of the Apostle Peter, I assure the
Jewish people that the Catholic Church, motivated by the Gospel law of
truth and love, and by no political considerations, is deeply saddened
by the hatred, acts of persecution and displays of anti-Semitism directed
against the Jews by Christians at any time and in any place.
The church rejects racism in any form as a denial of the image of
the Creator inherent in every human being.
In this place of solemn remembrance, I fervently pray that our sorrow
for the tragedy which the Jewish people suffered in the 20th century will
lead to a new relationship between Christians and Jews. Let us build a
new future in which there will be no more anti-Jewish feeling among Christians
or anti-Christian feeling among Jews, but rather the mutual respect required
of those who adore the one Creator and Lord, and look to Abraham as our
common father in faith.
The world must heed the warning that comes to us from the victims
of the Holocaust, and from the testimony of the survivors. Here at Yad
Vashem the memory lives on, and burns itself onto our souls. It makes us
cry out: "I hear the whispering of many -- terror on every side --
but I trust in you, O Lord: I say, 'You are my God."' (Psalms 31:13-15)
Pope John Paul II - March 23, 2000

54. Pope
          Benedict XVI - "In This Place of Horror" (2006)
To speak in this place of horror, in this place where unprecedented
mass crimes were committed against God and man, is almost impossible - and
it is particularly difficult and troubling for a Christian, for a Pope from
Germany. In a place like this, words fail; in the end, there can only be
a dread silence - a silence which is itself a heartfelt cry to God: Why,
Lord, did you remain silent? How could you tolerate all this? In silence,
then, we bow our heads before the endless line of those who suffered and
were put to death here; yet our silence becomes in turn a plea for forgiveness
and reconciliation, a plea to the living God never to let this happen again.
Twenty-seven years ago, on June 7, 1979, Pope John Paul II stood in
this place. He said: I come here today as a pilgrim. As you know,
I have been here many times. So many times! And many times I have gone down
to Maximilian Kolbes death cell, paused before the execution wall,
and walked amid the ruins of the Birkenau ovens. It was impossible for me
not to come here as Pope. Pope John Paul came here as a son of that
people which, along with the Jewish people, suffered most in this place
and, in general, throughout the war. Six million Poles lost their
lives during the Second World War: a fifth of the nation, he reminded
us. Here too he solemnly called for respect for human rights and the rights
of nations, as his predecessors John XXIII and Paul VI had done before him,
and added: The one who speaks these words is ... the son of a nation
which in its history has suffered greatly from others. He says this, not
to accuse, but to remember. He speaks in the name of all those nations whose
rights are being violated and disregarded ...
Pope John Paul II came here as a son of the Polish people. I come here
today as a son of the German people. For this very reason, I can and must
echo his words: I could not fail to come here. I had to come. It is a duty
before the truth and the just due of all who suffered here, a duty before
God, for me to come here as the successor of Pope John Paul II and as a
son of the German people - a son of that people over which a ring of criminals
rose to power by false promises of future greatness and the recovery of
the nations honor, prominence and prosperity, but also through terror
and intimidation, with the result that our people was used and abused as
an instrument of their thirst for destruction and power. Yes, I could not
fail to come here. On June 7, 1979, I came as the Archbishop of Munich-Freising,
along with many other Bishops who accompanied the Pope, listened to his
words and joined in his prayer. In 1980, I came back to this dreadful place
with a delegation of German Bishops, appalled by its evil, yet grateful
for the fact that above its dark clouds the star of reconciliation had emerged.
This is the same reason why I have come here today: to implore the grace
of reconciliation - first of all from God, who alone can open and purify
our hearts, from the men and women who suffered here, and finally the grace
of reconciliation for all those who, at this hour of our history, are suffering
in new ways from the power of hatred and the violence which hatred spawns.
How many questions arise in this place! Constantly the question comes
up: Where was God in those days? Why was he silent? How could he permit
this endless slaughter, this triumph of evil? The words of Psalm 44 come
to mind, Israels lament for its woes: You have broken us in
the haunt of jackals, and covered us with deep darkness ... because of you
we are being killed all day long, and accounted as sheep for the slaughter.
Rouse yourself! Why do you sleep, O Lord? Awake, do not cast us off forever!
Why do you hide your face? Why do you forget our affliction and oppression?
For we sink down to the dust; our bodies cling to the ground. Rise up, come
to our help! Redeem us for the sake of your steadfast love! (Ps 44:19,
22-26). This cry of anguish, which Israel raised to God in its suffering,
at moments of deep distress, is also the cry for help raised by all those
who in every age - yesterday, today and tomorrow - suffer for the love of
God, for the love of truth and goodness. How many they are, even in our
own day!
We cannot peer into Gods mysterious plan - we see only piecemeal,
and we would be wrong to set ourselves up as judges of God and history.
Then we would not be defending man, but only contributing to his downfall.
No - when all is said and done, we must continue to cry out humbly yet insistently
to God: Rouse yourself! Do not forget mankind, your creature! And our cry
to God must also be a cry that pierces our very heart, a cry that awakens
within us Gods hidden presence - so that his power, the power he has
planted in our hearts, will not be buried or choked within us by the mire
of selfishness, pusillanimity, indifference or opportunism. Let us cry out
to God, with all our hearts, at the present hour, when new misfortunes befall
us, when all the forces of darkness seem to issue anew from human hearts:
whether it is the abuse of Gods name as a means of justifying senseless
violence against innocent persons, or the cynicism which refuses to acknowledge
God and ridicules faith in him. Let us cry out to God, that he may draw
men and women to conversion and help them to see that violence does not
bring peace, but only generates more violence - a morass of devastation
in which everyone is ultimately the loser. The God in whom we believe is
a God of reason - a reason, to be sure, which is not a kind of cold mathematics
of the universe, but is one with love and with goodness. We make our prayer
to God and we appeal to humanity, that this reason, the logic of love and
the recognition of the power of reconciliation and peace, may prevail over
the threats arising from irrationalism or from a spurious and godless reason.
The place where we are standing is a place of memory, it is the place
of the Shoah. The past is never simply the past. It always has something
to say to us; it tells us the paths to take and the paths not to take. Like
John Paul II, I have walked alongside the inscriptions in various languages
erected in memory of those who died here: inscriptions in Belarusian, Czech,
German, French, Greek, Hebrew, Croatian, Italian, Yiddish, Hungarian, Dutch,
Norwegian, Polish, Russian, Romani, Romanian, Slovak, Serbian, Ukrainian,
Judaeo-Spanish and English. All these inscriptions speak of human grief,
they give us a glimpse of the cynicism of that regime which treated men
and women as material objects, and failed to see them as persons embodying
the image of God. Some inscriptions are pointed reminders. There is one
in Hebrew. The rulers of the Third Reich wanted to crush the entire Jewish
people, to cancel it from the register of the peoples of the earth. Thus
the words of the Psalm: We are being killed, accounted as sheep for
the slaughter were fulfilled in a terrifying way. Deep down, those
vicious criminals, by wiping out this people, wanted to kill the God who
called Abraham, who spoke on Sinai and laid down principles to serve as
a guide for mankind, principles that are eternally valid. If this people,
by its very existence, was a witness to the God who spoke to humanity and
took us to himself, then that God finally had to die and power had to belong
to man alone - to those men, who thought that by force they had made themselves
masters of the world. By destroying Israel, by the Shoah, they ultimately
wanted to tear up the taproot of the Christian faith and to replace it with
a faith of their own invention: faith in the rule of man, the rule of the
powerful.
Then there is the inscription in Polish. First and foremost they wanted
to eliminate the cultural elite, thus erasing the Polish people as an autonomous
historical subject and reducing it, to the extent that it continued to exist,
to slavery. Another inscription offering a pointed reminder is the one written
in the language of the Sinti and Roma people. Here too, the plan was to
wipe out a whole people which lives by migrating among other peoples. They
were seen as part of the refuse of world history, in an ideology which valued
only the empirically useful; everything else, according to this view, was
to be written off as lebensunwertes Leben - life unworthy of being lived.
There is also the inscription in Russian, which commemorates the tremendous
loss of life endured by the Russian soldiers who combated the Nazi reign
of terror; but this inscription also reminds us that their mission had a
tragic twofold effect: they set the peoples free from one dictatorship,
but the same peoples were thereby subjected to a new one, that of Stalin
and the Communist system.
The other inscriptions, written in Europes many languages, also
speak to us of the sufferings of men and women from the whole continent.
They would stir our hearts profoundly if we remembered the victims not merely
in general, but rather saw the faces of the individual persons who ended
up here in this abyss of terror. I felt a deep urge to pause in a particular
way before the inscription in German. It evokes the face of Edith Stein,
Theresia Benedicta a Cruce: a woman, Jewish and German, who disappeared
along with her sister into the black night of the Nazi-German concentration
camp; as a Christian and a Jew, she accepted death with her people and for
them. The Germans who had been brought to Auschwitz-Birkenau and met their
death here were considered as Abschaum der Nation - the refuse of the nation.
Today we gratefully hail them as witnesses to the truth and goodness which
even among our people were not eclipsed. We are grateful to them, because
they did not submit to the power of evil, and now they stand before us like
lights shining in a dark night. With profound respect and gratitude, then,
let us bow our heads before all those who, like the three young men in Babylon
facing death in the fiery furnace, could respond: Only our God can
deliver us. But even if he does not, be it known to you, O King, that we
will not serve your gods and we will not worship the golden statue that
you have set up (cf. Dan 3:17ff.).
Yes, behind these inscriptions is hidden the fate of countless human
beings. They jar our memory, they touch our hearts. They have no desire
to instill hatred in us: instead, they show us the terrifying effect of
hatred. Their desire is to help our reason to see evil as evil and to reject
it; their desire is to enkindle in us the courage to do good and to resist
evil. They want to make us feel the sentiments expressed in the words that
Sophocles placed on the lips of Antigone, as she contemplated the horror
all around her: my nature is not to join in hate but to join in love.
By Gods grace, together with the purification of memory demanded
by this place of horror, a number of initiatives have sprung up with the
aim of imposing a limit upon evil and confirming goodness. Just now I was
able to bless the Center for Dialogue and Prayer. In the immediate neighborhood
the Carmelite nuns carry on their life of hiddenness, knowing that they
are united in a special way to the mystery of Christs Cross and reminding
us of the faith of Christians, which declares that God himself descended
into the hell of suffering and suffers with us. In Oswiecim is the Center
of Saint Maximilian Kolbe, and the International Center for Education about
Auschwitz and the Holocaust. There is also the International House for Meetings
of Young people. Near one of the old Prayer Houses is the Jewish Center.
Finally the Academy for Human Rights is presently being established. So
there is hope that this place of horror will gradually become a place for
constructive thinking, and that remembrance will foster resistance to evil
and the triumph of love.
At Auschwitz-Birkenau humanity walked through a valley of darkness.
And so, here in this place, I would like to end with a prayer of trust -
with one of the Psalms of Israel which is also a prayer of Christians: The
Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want. He makes me lie down in green pastures;
he leads me beside still waters; he restores my soul. He leads me in right
paths for his names sake. Even though I walk through the valley of
the shadow of death, I fear no evil; for you are with me; your rod and your
staff - they comfort me ... I shall dwell in the house of the Lord my whole
life long (Ps 23:1-4, 6).
Pope Benedict XVI - May 28, 2006

55. Ronald
          Reagan - Address to British Parliament (1982)
My Lord Chancellor, Mr. Speaker:
The journey of which this visit forms a part is a long one. Already it
has taken me to two great cities of the West, Rome and Paris, and to the economic
summit at Versailles. And there, once again, our sister democracies have proved
that even in a time of severe economic strain, free peoples can work together
freely and voluntarily to address problems as serious as inflation, unemployment,
trade, and economic development in a spirit of cooperation and solidarity.
Other milestones lie ahead. Later this week, in Germany, we and our NATO
allies will discuss measures for our joint defense and America's latest initiatives
for a more peaceful, secure world through arms reductions.
Each stop of this trip is important, but among them all, this moment occupies
a special place in my heart and in the hearts of my countrymen -- a moment
of kinship and homecoming in these hallowed halls.
Speaking for all Americans, I want to say how very much at home we feel
in your house. Every American would, because this is, as we have been so eloquently
told, one of democracy's shrines. Here the rights of free people and the processes
of representation have been debated and refined.
It has been said that an institution is the lengthening shadow of a man.
This institution is the lengthening shadow of all the men and women who have
sat here and all those who have voted to send representatives here.
This is my second visit to Great Britain as President of the United States.
My first opportunity to stand on British soil occurred almost a year and a
half ago when your Prime Minister graciously hosted a diplomatic dinner at
the British Embassy in Washington. Mrs. Thatcher said then that she hoped
I was not distressed to find staring down at me from the grand staircase a
portrait of His Royal Majesty King George III. She suggested it was best to
let bygones be bygones, and in view of our two countries' remarkable friendship
in succeeding years, she added that most Englishmen today would agree with
Thomas Jefferson that "a little rebellion now and then is a very good
thing.'' [Laughter]
Well, from here I will go to Bonn and then Berlin, where there stands
a grim symbol of power untamed. The Berlin Wall, that dreadful gray gash across
the city, is in its third decade. It is the fitting signature of the regime
that built it.
And a few hundred kilometers behind the Berlin Wall, there is another
symbol. In the center of Warsaw, there is a sign that notes the distances
to two capitals. In one direction it points toward Moscow. In the other it
points toward Brussels, headquarters of Western Europe's tangible unity. The
marker says that the distances from Warsaw to Moscow and Warsaw to Brussels
are equal. The sign makes this point: Poland is not East or West. Poland is
at the center of European civilization. It has contributed mightily to that
civilization. It is doing so today by being magnificently unreconciled to
oppression.
Poland's struggle to be Poland and to secure the basic rights we often
take for granted demonstrates why we dare not take those rights for granted.
Gladstone, defending the Reform Bill of 1866, declared, "You cannot fight
against the future. Time is on our side.'' It was easier to believe in the
march of democracy in Gladstone's day -- in that high noon of Victorian optimism.
We're approaching the end of a bloody century plagued by a terrible political
invention -- totalitarianism. Optimism comes less easily today, not because
democracy is less vigorous, but because democracy's enemies have refined their
instruments of repression. Yet optimism is in order, because day by day democracy
is proving itself to be a not-at-all-fragile flower. From Stettin on the Baltic
to Varna on the Black Sea, the regimes planted by totalitarianism have had
more than 30 years to establish their legitimacy. But none -- not one regime
-- has yet been able to risk free elections. Regimes planted by bayonets do
not take root.
The strength of the Solidarity movement in Poland demonstrates the truth
told in an underground joke in the Soviet Union. It is that the Soviet Union
would remain a one-party nation even if an opposition party were permitted,
because everyone would join the opposition party. [Laughter]
America's time as a player on the stage of world history has been brief.
I think understanding this fact has always made you patient with your younger
cousins -- well, not always patient. I do recall that on one occasion, Sir
Winston Churchill said in exasperation about one of our most distinguished
diplomats: "He is the only case I know of a bull who carries his china
shop with him.'' [Laughter]
But witty as Sir Winston was, he also had that special attribute of great
statesmen -- the gift of vision, the willingness to see the future based on
the experience of the past. It is this sense of history, this understanding
of the past that I want to talk about with you today, for it is in remembering
what we share of the past that our two nations can make common cause for the
future.
We have not inherited an easy world. If developments like the Industrial
Revolution, which began here in England, and the gifts of science and technology
have made life much easier for us, they have also made it more dangerous.
There are threats now to our freedom, indeed to our very existence, that other
generations could never even have imagined.
There is first the threat of global war. No President, no Congress, no
Prime Minister, no Parliament can spend a day entirely free of this threat.
And I don't have to tell you that in today's world the existence of nuclear
weapons could mean, if not the extinction of mankind, then surely the end
of civilization as we know it. That's why negotiations on intermediate-range
nuclear forces now underway in Europe and the START talks -- Strategic Arms
Reduction Talks -- which will begin later this month, are not just critical
to American or Western policy; they are critical to mankind. Our commitment
to early success in these negotiations is firm and unshakable, and our purpose
is clear: reducing the risk of war by reducing the means of waging war on
both sides.
At the same time there is a threat posed to human freedom by the enormous
power of the modern state. History teaches the dangers of government that
overreaches -- political control taking precedence over free economic growth,
secret police, mindless bureaucracy, all combining to stifle individual excellence
and personal freedom.
Now, I'm aware that among us here and throughout Europe there is legitimate
disagreement over the extent to which the public sector should play a role
in a nation's economy and life. But on one point all of us are united -- our
abhorrence of dictatorship in all its forms, but most particularly totalitarianism
and the terrible inhumanities it has caused in our time -- the great purge,
Auschwitz and Dachau, the Gulag, and Cambodia.
Historians looking back at our time will note the consistent restraint
and peaceful intentions of the West. They will note that it was the democracies
who refused to use the threat of their nuclear monopoly in the forties and
early fifties for territorial or imperial gain. Had that nuclear monopoly
been in the hands of the Communist world, the map of Europe -- indeed, the
world -- would look very different today. And certainly they will note it
was not the democracies that invaded Afghanistan or supressed Polish Solidarity
or used chemical and toxin warfare in Afghanistan and Southeast Asia.
If history teaches anything it teaches self-delusion in the face of unpleasant
facts is folly. We see around us today the marks of our terrible dilemma --
predictions of doomsday, anti-nuclear demonstrations, an arms race in which
the West must, for its own protection, be an unwilling participant. At the
same time we see totalitarian forces in the world who seek subversion and
conflict around the globe to further their barbarous assault on the human
spirit. What, then, is our course? Must civilization perish in a hail of fiery
atoms? Must freedom wither in a quiet, deadening accommodation with totalitarian
evil?
Sir Winston Churchill refused to accept the inevitability of war or even
that it was imminent. He said, "I do not believe that Soviet Russia desires
war. What they desire is the fruits of war and the indefinite expansion of
their power and doctrines. But what we have to consider here today while time
remains is the permanent prevention of war and the establishment of conditions
of freedom and democracy as rapidly as possible in all countries.''
Well, this is precisely our mission today: to preserve freedom as well
as peace. It may not be easy to see; but I believe we live now at a turning
point.
In an ironic sense Karl Marx was right. We are witnessing today a great
revolutionary crisis, a crisis where the demands of the economic order are
conflicting directly with those of the political order. But the crisis is
happening not in the free, non-Marxist West, but in the home of Marxist-Leninism,
the Soviet Union. It is the Soviet Union that runs against the tide of history
by denying human freedom and human dignity to its citizens. It also is in
deep economic difficulty. The rate of growth in the national product has been
steadily declining since the fifties and is less than half of what it was
then.
The dimensions of this failure are astounding: A country which employs
one-fifth of its population in agriculture is unable to feed its own people.
Were it not for the private sector, the tiny private sector tolerated in Soviet
agriculture, the country might be on the brink of famine. These private plots
occupy a bare 3 percent of the arable land but account for nearly one-quarter
of Soviet farm output and nearly one-third of meat products and vegetables.
Overcentralized, with little or no incentives, year after year the Soviet
system pours its best resource into the making of instruments of destruction.
The constant shrinkage of economic growth combined with the growth of military
production is putting a heavy strain on the Soviet people. What we see here
is a political structure that no longer corresponds to its economic base,
a society where productive forces are hampered by political ones.
The decay of the Soviet experiment should come as no surprise to us. Wherever
the comparisons have been made between free and closed societies -- West Germany
and East Germany, Austria and Czechoslovakia, Malaysia and Vietnam -- it is
the democratic countries that are prosperous and responsive to the needs of
their people. And one of the simple but overwhelming facts of our time is
this: Of all the millions of refugees we've seen in the modern world, their
flight is always away from, not toward the Communist world. Today on the NATO
line, our military forces face east to prevent a possible invasion. On the
other side of the line, the Soviet forces also face east to prevent their
people from leaving.
The hard evidence of totalitarian rule has caused in mankind an uprising
of the intellect and will. Whether it is the growth of the new schools of
economics in America or England or the appearance of the so-called new philosophers
in France, there is one unifying thread running through the intellectual work
of these groups -- rejection of the arbitrary power of the state, the refusal
to subordinate the rights of the individual to the superstate, the realization
that collectivism stifles all the best human impulses.
Since the exodus from Egypt, historians have written of those who sacrificed
and struggled for freedom -- the stand at Thermopylae, the revolt of Spartacus,
the storming of the Bastille, the Warsaw uprising in World War II. More recently
we've seen evidence of this same human impulse in one of the developing nations
in Central America. For months and months the world news media covered the
fighting in El Salvador. Day after day we were treated to stories and film
slanted toward the brave freedom-fighters battling oppressive government forces
in behalf of the silent, suffering people of that tortured country.
And then one day those silent, suffering people were offered a chance
to vote, to choose the kind of government they wanted. Suddenly the freedom-fighters
in the hills were exposed for what they really are -- Cuban-backed guerrillas
who want power for themselves, and their backers, not democracy for the people.
They threatened death to any who voted, and destroyed hundreds of buses and
trucks to keep the people from getting to the polling places. But on election
day, the people of El Salvador, an unprecedented 1.4 million of them, braved
ambush and gunfire, and trudged for miles to vote for freedom.
They stood for hours in the hot sun waiting for their turn to vote. Members
of our Congress who went there as observers told me of a women who was wounded
by rifle fire on the way to the polls, who refused to leave the line to have
her wound treated until after she had voted. A grandmother, who had been told
by the guerrillas she would be killed when she returned from the polls, and
she told the guerrillas, "You can kill me, you can kill my family, kill
my neighbors, but you can't kill us all.'' The real freedom-fighters of El
Salvador turned out to be the people of that country -- the young, the old,
the in-between.
Strange, but in my own country there's been little if any news coverage
of that war since the election. Now, perhaps they'll say it's -- well, because
there are newer struggles now.
On distant islands in the South Atlantic young men are fighting for Britain.
And, yes, voices have been raised protesting their sacrifice for lumps of
rock and earth so far away. But those young men aren't fighting for mere real
estate. They fight for a cause -- for the belief that armed aggression must
not be allowed to succeed, and the people must participate in the decisions
of government -- [applause] -- the decisions of government under the rule
of law. If there had been firmer support for that principle some 45 years
ago, perhaps our generation wouldn't have suffered the bloodletting of World
War II.
In the Middle East now the guns sound once more, this time in Lebanon,
a country that for too long has had to endure the tragedy of civil war, terrorism,
and foreign intervention and occupation. The fighting in Lebanon on the part
of all parties must stop, and Israel should bring its forces home. But this
is not enough. We must all work to stamp out the scourge of terrorism that
in the Middle East makes war an ever-present threat.
But beyond the troublespots lies a deeper, more positive pattern. Around
the world today, the democratic revolution is gathering new strength. In India
a critical test has been passed with the peaceful change of governing political
parties. In Africa, Nigeria is moving into remarkable and unmistakable ways
to build and strengthen its democratic institutions. In the Caribbean and
Central America, 16 of 24 countries have freely elected governments. And in
the United Nations, 8 of the 10 developing nations which have joined that
body in the past 5 years are democracies.
In the Communist world as well, man's instinctive desire for freedom and
self-determination surfaces again and again. To be sure, there are grim reminders
of how brutally the police state attempts to snuff out this quest for self-rule
-- 1953 in East Germany, 1956 in Hungary, 1968 in Czechoslovakia, 1981 in
Poland. But the struggle continues in Poland. And we know that there are even
those who strive and suffer for freedom within the confines of the Soviet
Union itself. How we conduct ourselves here in the Western democracies will
determine whether this trend continues.
No, democracy is not a fragile flower. Still it needs cultivating. If
the rest of this century is to witness the gradual growth of freedom and democratic
ideals, we must take actions to assist the campaign for democracy.
Some argue that we should encourage democratic change in right-wing dictatorships,
but not in Communist regimes. Well, to accept this preposterous notion --
as some well-meaning people have -- is to invite the argument that once countries
achieve a nuclear capability, they should be allowed an undisturbed reign
of terror over their own citizens. We reject this course.
As for the Soviet view, Chairman Brezhnev repeatedly has stressed that
the competition of ideas and systems must continue and that this is entirely
consistent with relaxation of tensions and peace.
Well, we ask only that these systems begin by living up to their own constitutions,
abiding by their own laws, and complying with the international obligations
they have undertaken. We ask only for a process, a direction, a basic code
of decency, not for an instant transformation.
We cannot ignore the fact that even without our encouragement there has
been and will continue to be repeated explosions against repression and dictatorships.
The Soviet Union itself is not immune to this reality. Any system is inherently
unstable that has no peaceful means to legitimize its leaders. In such cases,
the very repressiveness of the state ultimately drives people to resist it,
if necessary, by force.
While we must be cautious about forcing the pace of change, we must not
hesitate to declare our ultimate objectives and to take concrete actions to
move toward them. We must be staunch in our conviction that freedom is not
the sole prerogative of a lucky few, but the inalienable and universal right
of all human beings. So states the United Nations Universal Declaration of
Human Rights, which, among other things, guarantees free elections.
The objective I propose is quite simple to state: to foster the infrastructure
of democracy, the system of a free press, unions, political parties, universities,
which allows a people to choose their own way to develop their own culture,
to reconcile their own differences through peaceful means.
This is not cultural imperialism, it is providing the means for genuine
self-determination and protection for diversity. Democracy already flourishes
in countries with very different cultures and historical experiences. It would
be cultural condescension, or worse, to say that any people prefer dictatorship
to democracy. Who would voluntarily choose not to have the right to vote,
decide to purchase government propaganda handouts instead of independent newspapers,
prefer government to worker-controlled unions, opt for land to be owned by
the state instead of those who till it, want government repression of religious
liberty, a single political party instead of a free choice, a rigid cultural
orthodoxy instead of democratic tolerance and diversity?
Since 1917 the Soviet Union has given covert political training and assistance
to Marxist-Leninists in many countries. Of course, it also has promoted the
use of violence and subversion by these same forces. Over the past several
decades, West European and other Social Democrats, Christian Democrats, and
leaders have offered open assistance to fraternal, political, and social institutions
to bring about peaceful and democratic progress. Appropriately, for a vigorous
new democracy, the Federal Republic of Germany's political foundations have
become a major force in this effort.
We in America now intend to take additional steps, as many of our allies
have already done, toward realizing this same goal. The chairmen and other
leaders of the national Republican and Democratic Party organizations are
initiating a study with the bipartisan American political foundation to determine
how the United States can best contribute as a nation to the global campaign
for democracy now gathering force. They will have the cooperation of congressional
leaders of both parties, along with representatives of business, labor, and
other major institutions in our society. I look forward to receiving their
recommendations and to working with these institutions and the Congress in
the common task of strengthening democracy throughout the world.
It is time that we committed ourselves as a nation -- in both the pubic
and private sectors -- to assisting democratic development.
We plan to consult with leaders of other nations as well. There is a proposal
before the Council of Europe to invite parliamentarians from democratic countries
to a meeting next year in Strasbourg. That prestigious gathering could consider
ways to help democratic political movements.
This November in Washington there will take place an international meeting
on free elections. And next spring there will be a conference of world authorities
on constitutionalism and self-goverment hosted by the Chief Justice of the
United States. Authorities from a number of developing and developed countries
-- judges, philosophers, and politicians with practical experience -- have
agreed to explore how to turn principle into practice and further the rule
of law.
At the same time, we invite the Soviet Union to consider with us how the
competition of ideas and values -- which it is committed to support -- can
be conducted on a peaceful and reciprocal basis. For example, I am prepared
to offer President Brezhnev an opportunity to speak to the American people
on our television if he will allow me the same opportunity with the Soviet
people. We also suggest that panels of our newsmen periodically appear on
each other's television to discuss major events.
Now, I don't wish to sound overly optimistic, yet the Soviet Union is
not immune from the reality of what is going on in the world. It has happened
in the past -- a small ruling elite either mistakenly attempts to ease domestic
unrest through greater repression and foreign adventure, or it chooses a wiser
course. It begins to allow its people a voice in their own destiny. Even if
this latter process is not realized soon, I believe the renewed strength of
the democratic movement, complemented by a global campaign for freedom, will
strengthen the prospects for arms control and a world at peace.
I have discussed on other occasions, including my address on May 9th,
the elements of Western policies toward the Soviet Union to safeguard our
interests and protect the peace. What I am describing now is a plan and a
hope for the long term -- the march of freedom and democracy which will leave
Marxism-Leninism on the ash-heap of history as it has left other tyrannies
which stifle the freedom and muzzle the self-expression of the people. And
that's why we must continue our efforts to strengthen NATO even as we move
forward with our Zero-Option initiative in the negotiations on intermediate-range
forces and our proposal for a one-third reduction in strategic ballistic missile
warheads.
Our military strength is a prerequisite to peace, but let it be clear
we maintain this strength in the hope it will never be used, for the ultimate
determinant in the struggle that's now going on in the world will not be bombs
and rockets, but a test of wills and ideas, a trial of spiritual resolve,
the values we hold, the beliefs we cherish, the ideals to which we are dedicated.
The British people know that, given strong leadership, time and a little
bit of hope, the forces of good ultimately rally and triumph over evil. Here
among you is the cradle of self-government, the Mother of Parliaments. Here
is the enduring greatness of the British contribution to mankind, the great
civilized ideas: individual liberty, representative government, and the rule
of law under God.
I've often wondered about the shyness of some of us in the West about
standing for these ideals that have done so much to ease the plight of man
and the hardships of our imperfect world. This reluctance to use those vast
resources at our command reminds me of the elderly lady whose home was bombed
in the Blitz. As the rescuers moved about, they found a bottle of brandy she'd
stored behind the staircase, which was all that was left standing. And since
she was barely conscious, one of the workers pulled the cork to give her a
taste of it. She came around immediately and said, "Here now -- there
now, put it back. That's for emergencies.'' [Laughter]
Well, the emergency is upon us. Let us be shy no longer. Let us go to
our strength. Let us offer hope. Let us tell the world that a new age is not
only possible but probable.
During the dark days of the Second World War, when this island was incandescent
with courage, Winston Churchill exclaimed about Britain's adversaries, "What
kind of a people do they think we are?'' Well, Britain's adversaries found
out what extraordinary people the British are. But all the democracies paid
a terrible price for allowing the dictators to underestimate us. We dare not
make that mistake again. So, let us ask ourselves, "What kind of people
do we think we are?'' And let us answer, "Free people, worthy of freedom
and determined not only to remain so but to help others gain their freedom
as well.''
Sir Winston led his people to great victory in war and then lost an election
just as the fruits of victory were about to be enjoyed. But he left office
honorably, and, as it turned out, temporarily, knowing that the liberty of
his people was more important than the fate of any single leader. History
recalls his greatness in ways no dictator will ever know. And he left us a
message of hope for the future, as timely now as when he first uttered it,
as opposition leader in the Commons nearly 27 years ago, when he said, "When
we look back on all the perils through which we have passed and at the mighty
foes that we have laid low and all the dark and deadly designs that we have
frustrated, why should we fear for our future? We have,'' he said, "come
safely through the worst.''
Well, the task I've set forth will long outlive our own generation. But
together, we too have come through the worst. Let us now begin a major effort
to secure the best -- a crusade for freedom that will engage the faith and
fortitude of the next generation. For the sake of peace and justice, let us
move toward a world in which all people are at last free to determine their
own destiny.
Thank you.
President Ronald Reagan - June 8, 1982

56. Ronald Reagan - On the 40th
          Anniversary of D-Day (1984)
We're here to mark that day in history when the Allied armies joined in
battle to reclaim this continent to liberty. For 4 long years, much of Europe
had been under a terrible shadow. Free nations had fallen, Jews cried out
in the camps, millions cried out for liberation. Europe was enslaved, and
the world prayed for its rescue. Here in Normandy the rescue began. Here the
Allies stood and fought against tyranny in a giant undertaking unparalleled
in human history.
We stand on a lonely, windswept point on the northern shore of France.
The air is soft, but 40 years ago at this moment, the air was dense with smoke
and the cries of men, and the air was filled with the crack of rifle fire
and the roar of cannon. At dawn, on the morning of the 6th of June, 1944,
225 Rangers jumped off the British landing craft and ran to the bottom of
these cliffs. Their mission was one of the most difficult and daring of the
invasion: to climb these sheer and desolate cliffs and take out the enemy
guns. The Allies had been told that some of the mightiest of these guns were
here and they would be trained on the beaches to stop the Allied advance.
The Rangers looked up and saw the enemy soldiers -- the edge of the cliffs
shooting down at them with machineguns and throwing grenades. And the American
Rangers began to climb. They shot rope ladders over the face of these cliffs
and began to pull themselves up. When one Ranger fell, another would take
his place. When one rope was cut, a Ranger would grab another and begin his
climb again. They climbed, shot back, and held their footing. Soon, one by
one, the Rangers pulled themselves over the top, and in seizing the firm land
at the top of these cliffs, they began to seize back the continent of Europe.
Two hundred and twenty-five came here. After 2 days of fighting, only 90 could
still bear arms.
Behind me is a memorial that symbolizes the Ranger daggers that were thrust
into the top of these cliffs. And before me are the men who put them there.
These are the boys of Pointe du Hoc. These are the men who took the cliffs.
These are the champions who helped free a continent. These are the heroes
who helped end a war.
Gentlemen, I look at you and I think of the words of Stephen Spender's
poem. You are men who in your ``lives fought for life . . . and left the vivid
air signed with your honor.''
I think I know what you may be thinking right now -- thinking ``we were
just part of a bigger effort; everyone was brave that day.'' Well, everyone
was. Do you remember the story of Bill Millin of the 51st Highlanders? Forty
years ago today, British troops were pinned down near a bridge, waiting desperately
for help. Suddenly, they heard the sound of bagpipes, and some thought they
were dreaming. Well, they weren't. They looked up and saw Bill Millin with
his bagpipes, leading the reinforcements and ignoring the smack of the bullets
into the ground around him.
Lord Lovat was with him -- Lord Lovat of Scotland, who calmly announced
when he got to the bridge, ``Sorry I'm a few minutes late,'' as if he'd been
delayed by a traffic jam, when in truth he'd just come from the bloody fighting
on Sword Beach, which he and his men had just taken.
There was the impossible valor of the Poles who threw themselves between
the enemy and the rest of Europe as the invasion took hold, and the unsurpassed
courage of the Canadians who had already seen the horrors of war on this coast.
They knew what awaited them there, but they would not be deterred. And once
they hit Juno Beach, they never looked back.
All of these men were part of a rollcall of honor with names that spoke
of a pride as bright as the colors they bore: the Royal Winnipeg Rifles, Poland's
24th Lancers, the Royal Scots Fusiliers, the Screaming Eagles, the Yeomen
of England's armored divisions, the forces of Free France, the Coast Guard's
``Matchbox Fleet'' and you, the American Rangers.
Forty summers have passed since the battle that you fought here. You were
young the day you took these cliffs; some of you were hardly more than boys,
with the deepest joys of life before you. Yet, you risked everything here.
Why? Why did you do it? What impelled you to put aside the instinct for self-preservation
and risk your lives to take these cliffs? What inspired all the men of the
armies that met here? We look at you, and somehow we know the answer. It was
faith and belief; it was loyalty and love.
The men of Normandy had faith that what they were doing was right, faith
that they fought for all humanity, faith that a just God would grant them
mercy on this beachhead or on the next. It was the deep knowledge -- and pray
God we have not lost it -- that there is a profound, moral difference between
the use of force for liberation and the use of force for conquest. You were
here to liberate, not to conquer, and so you and those others did not doubt
your cause. And you were right not to doubt.
You all knew that some things are worth dying for. One's country is worth
dying for, and democracy is worth dying for, because it's the most deeply
honorable form of government ever devised by man. All of you loved liberty.
All of you were willing to fight tyranny, and you knew the people of your
countries were behind you.
The Americans who fought here that morning knew word of the invasion was
spreading through the darkness back home. They fought -- or felt in their
hearts, though they couldn't know in fact, that in Georgia they were filling
the churches at 4 a.m., in Kansas they were kneeling on their porches and
praying, and in Philadelphia they were ringing the Liberty Bell.
Something else helped the men of D-day: their rockhard belief that Providence
would have a great hand in the events that would unfold here; that God was
an ally in this great cause. And so, the night before the invasion, when Colonel
Wolverton asked his parachute troops to kneel with him in prayer he told them:
Do not bow your heads, but look up so you can see God and ask His blessing
in what we're about to do. Also that night, General Matthew Ridgway on his
cot, listening in the darkness for the promise God made to Joshua: ``I will
not fail thee nor forsake thee.''
These are the things that impelled them; these are the things that shaped
the unity of the Allies.
When the war was over, there were lives to be rebuilt and governments
to be returned to the people. There were nations to be reborn. Above all,
there was a new peace to be assured. These were huge and daunting tasks. But
the Allies summoned strength from the faith, belief, loyalty, and love of
those who fell here. They rebuilt a new Europe together.
There was first a great reconciliation among those who had been enemies,
all of whom had suffered so greatly. The United States did its part, creating
the Marshall plan to help rebuild our allies and our former enemies. The Marshall
plan led to the Atlantic alliance -- a great alliance that serves to this
day as our shield for freedom, for prosperity, and for peace.
In spite of our great efforts and successes, not all that followed the
end of the war was happy or planned. Some liberated countries were lost. The
great sadness of this loss echoes down to our own time in the streets of Warsaw,
Prague, and East Berlin. Soviet troops that came to the center of this continent
did not leave when peace came. They're still there, uninvited, unwanted, unyielding,
almost 40 years after the war. Because of this, allied forces still stand
on this continent. Today, as 40 years ago, our armies are here for only one
purpose -- to protect and defend democracy. The only territories we hold are
memorials like this one and graveyards where our heroes rest.
We in America have learned bitter lessons from two World Wars: It is better
to be here ready to protect the peace, than to take blind shelter across the
sea, rushing to respond only after freedom is lost. We've learned that isolationism
never was and never will be an acceptable response to tyrannical governments
with an expansionist intent.
But we try always to be prepared for peace; prepared to deter aggression;
prepared to negotiate the reduction of arms; and, yes, prepared to reach out
again in the spirit of reconciliation. In truth, there is no reconciliation
we would welcome more than a reconciliation with the Soviet Union, so, together,
we can lessen the risks of war, now and forever.
It's fitting to remember here the great losses also suffered by the Russian
people during World War II: 20 million perished, a terrible price that testifies
to all the world the necessity of ending war. I tell you from my heart that
we in the United States do not want war. We want to wipe from the face of
the Earth the terrible weapons that man now has in his hands. And I tell you,
we are ready to seize that beachhead. We look for some sign from the Soviet
Union that they are willing to move forward, that they share our desire and
love for peace, and that they will give up the ways of conquest. There must
be a changing there that will allow us to turn our hope into action.
We will pray forever that some day that changing will come. But for now,
particularly today, it is good and fitting to renew our commitment to each
other, to our freedom, and to the alliance that protects it.
We are bound today by what bound us 40 years ago, the same loyalties,
traditions, and beliefs. We're bound by reality. The strength of America's
allies is vital to the United States, and the American security guarantee
is essential to the continued freedom of Europe's democracies. We were with
you then; we are with you now. Your hopes are our hopes, and your destiny
is our destiny.
Here, in this place where the West held together, let us make a vow to
our dead. Let us show them by our actions that we understand what they died
for. Let our actions say to them the words for which Matthew Ridgway listened:
``I will not fail thee nor forsake thee.''
Strengthened by their courage, heartened by their value [valor], and borne
by their memory, let us continue to stand for the ideals for which they lived
and died.
Thank you very much, and God bless you all.
President Ronald Reagan - June 6, 1984

57. Ronald
          Reagan - On the Challenger Disaster (1986)
Ladies and Gentlemen, I'd planned to speak to you tonight to report on
the state of the Union, but the events of earlier today have led me to change
those plans. Today is a day for mourning and remembering. Nancy and I are
pained to the core by the tragedy of the shuttle Challenger. We know we share
this pain with all of the people of our country. This is truly a national
loss.
Nineteen years ago, almost to the day, we lost three astronauts in a
terrible accident on the ground. But, we've never lost an astronaut in flight;
we've never had a tragedy like this. And perhaps we've forgotten the courage
it took for the crew of the shuttle; but they, the Challenger Seven, were
aware of the dangers, but overcame them and did their jobs brilliantly. We
mourn seven heroes: Michael Smith, Dick Scobee, Judith Resnik, Ronald McNair,
Ellison Onizuka, Gregory Jarvis, and Christa McAuliffe. We mourn their loss
as a nation together.
For the families of the seven, we cannot bear, as you do, the full impact
of this tragedy. But we feel the loss, and we're thinking about you so very
much. Your loved ones were daring and brave, and they had that special grace,
that special spirit that says, 'Give me a challenge and I'll meet it with
joy.' They had a hunger to explore the universe and discover its truths. They
wished to serve, and they did. They served all of us.
We've grown used to wonders in this century. It's hard to dazzle us.
But for twenty-five years the United States space program has been doing just
that. We've grown used to the idea of space, and perhaps we forget that we've
only just begun. We're still pioneers. They, the members of the Challenger
crew, were pioneers.
And I want to say something to the schoolchildren of America who were
watching the live coverage of the shuttle's takeoff. I know it is hard to
understand, but sometimes painful things like this happen. It's all part of
the process of exploration and discovery. It's all part of taking a chance
and expanding man's horizons. The future doesn't belong to the fainthearted;
it belongs to the brave. The Challenger crew was pulling us into the future,
and we'll continue to follow them.
I've always had great faith in and respect for our space program, and
what happened today does nothing to diminish it. We don't hide our space program.
We don't keep secrets and cover things up. We do it all up front and in public.
That's the way freedom is, and we wouldn't change it for a minute. We'll continue
our quest in space. There will be more shuttle flights and more shuttle crews
and, yes, more volunteers, more civilians, more teachers in space. Nothing
ends here; our hopes and our journeys continue. I want to add that I wish
I could talk to every man and woman who works for NASA or who worked on this
mission and tell them: "Your dedication and professionalism have moved and
impressed us for decades. And we know of your anguish. We share it."
There's a coincidence today. On this day 390 years ago, the great explorer
Sir Francis Drake died aboard ship off the coast of Panama. In his lifetime
the great frontiers were the oceans, and a historian later said, 'He lived
by the sea, died on it, and was buried in it.' Well, today we can say of the
Challenger crew: Their dedication was, like Drake's, complete.
The crew of the space shuttle Challenger honoured us by the manner in
which they lived their lives. We will never forget them, nor the last time
we saw them, this morning, as they prepared for the journey and waved goodbye
and 'slipped the surly bonds of earth' to 'touch the face of God.'
Thank you.
President Ronald Reagan - January 28, 1986

58. Ronald
          Reagan - "Tear Down this Wall" (1987)
Chancellor Kohl, Governing Mayor Diepgen, ladies and gentlemen: Twenty-four
years ago, President John F. Kennedy visited Berlin, speaking to the people
of this city and the world at the City Hall. Well, since then two other presidents
have come, each in his turn, to Berlin. And today I, myself, make my second
visit to your city.
We come to Berlin, we American presidents, because it's our duty to speak,
in this place, of freedom. But I must confess, we're drawn here by other things
as well: by the feeling of history in this city, more than 500 years older
than our own nation; by the beauty of the Grunewald and the Tiergarten; most
of all, by your courage and determination. Perhaps the composer Paul Lincke
understood something about American presidents. You see, like so many presidents
before me, I come here today because wherever I go, whatever I do: Ich hab
noch einen Koffer in Berlin. [I still have a suitcase in Berlin.]
Our gathering today is being broadcast throughout Western Europe and North
America. I understand that it is being seen and heard as well in the East.
To those listening throughout Eastern Europe, a special word: Although I cannot
be with you, I address my remarks to you just as surely as to those standing
here before me. For I join you, as I join your fellow countrymen in the West,
in this firm, this unalterable belief: Es gibt nur ein Berlin. [There is only
one Berlin.]
Behind me stands a wall that encircles the free sectors of this city,
part of a vast system of barriers that divides the entire continent of Europe.
From the Baltic, south, those barriers cut across Germany in a gash of barbed
wire, concrete, dog runs, and guard towers. Farther south, there may be no
visible, no obvious wall. But there remain armed guards and checkpoints all
the same--still a restriction on the right to travel, still an instrument
to impose upon ordinary men and women the will of a totalitarian state. Yet
it is here in Berlin where the wall emerges most clearly; here, cutting across
your city, where the news photo and the television screen have imprinted this
brutal division of a continent upon the mind of the world. Standing before
the Brandenburg Gate, every man is a German, separated from his fellow men.
Every man is a Berliner, forced to look upon a scar.
President von Weizsacker has said, "The German question is open as
long as the Brandenburg Gate is closed." Today I say: As long as the
gate is closed, as long as this scar of a wall is permitted to stand, it is
not the German question alone that remains open, but the question of freedom
for all mankind. Yet I do not come here to lament. For I find in Berlin a
message of hope, even in the shadow of this wall, a message of triumph.
In this season of spring in 1945, the people of Berlin emerged from their
air-raid shelters to find devastation. Thousands of miles away, the people
of the United States reached out to help. And in 1947 Secretary of State--as
you've been told--George Marshall announced the creation of what would become
known as the Marshall Plan. Speaking precisely 40 years ago this month, he
said: "Our policy is directed not against any country or doctrine, but
against hunger, poverty, desperation, and chaos."
In the Reichstag a few moments ago, I saw a display commemorating this
40th anniversary of the Marshall Plan. I was struck by the sign on a burnt-out,
gutted structure that was being rebuilt. I understand that Berliners of my
own generation can remember seeing signs like it dotted throughout the western
sectors of the city. The sign read simply: "The Marshall Plan is helping
here to strengthen the free world." A strong, free world in the West,
that dream became real. Japan rose from ruin to become an economic giant.
Italy, France, Belgium--virtually every nation in Western Europe saw political
and economic rebirth; the European Community was founded.
In West Germany and here in Berlin, there took place an economic miracle,
the Wirtschaftswunder. Adenauer, Erhard, Reuter, and other leaders understood
the practical importance of liberty--that just as truth can flourish only
when the journalist is given freedom of speech, so prosperity can come about
only when the farmer and businessman enjoy economic freedom. The German leaders
reduced tariffs, expanded free trade, lowered taxes. From 1950 to 1960 alone,
the standard of living in West Germany and Berlin doubled.
Where four decades ago there was rubble, today in West Berlin there is
the greatest industrial output of any city in Germany--busy office blocks,
fine homes and apartments, proud avenues, and the spreading lawns of parkland.
Where a city's culture seemed to have been destroyed, today there are two
great universities, orchestras and an opera, countless theaters, and museums.
Where there was want, today there's abundance--food, clothing, automobiles--the
wonderful goods of the Ku'damm. From devastation, from utter ruin, you Berliners
have, in freedom, rebuilt a city that once again ranks as one of the greatest
on earth. The Soviets may have had other plans. But my friends, there were
a few things the Soviets didn't count on--Berliner Herz, Berliner Humor, ja,
und Berliner Schnauze. [Berliner heart, Berliner humor, yes, and a Berliner
Schnauze.]
In the 1950s, Khrushchev predicted: "We will bury you." But
in the West today, we see a free world that has achieved a level of prosperity
and well-being unprecedented in all human history. In the Communist world,
we see failure, technological backwardness, declining standards of health,
even want of the most basic kind--too little food. Even today, the Soviet
Union still cannot feed itself. After these four decades, then, there stands
before the entire world one great and inescapable conclusion: Freedom leads
to prosperity. Freedom replaces the ancient hatreds among the nations with
comity and peace. Freedom is the victor.
And now the Soviets themselves may, in a limited way, be coming to understand
the importance of freedom. We hear much from Moscow about a new policy of
reform and openness. Some political prisoners have been released. Certain
foreign news broadcasts are no longer being jammed. Some economic enterprises
have been permitted to operate with greater freedom from state control.
Are these the beginnings of profound changes in the Soviet state? Or are
they token gestures, intended to raise false hopes in the West, or to strengthen
the Soviet system without changing it? We welcome change and openness; for
we believe that freedom and security go together, that the advance of human
liberty can only strengthen the cause of world peace. There is one sign the
Soviets can make that would be unmistakable, that would advance dramatically
the cause of freedom and peace.
General Secretary Gorbachev, if you seek peace, if you seek prosperity
for the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe, if you seek liberalization: Come
here to this gate! Mr. Gorbachev, open this gate! Mr. Gorbachev, tear down
this wall!
I understand the fear of war and the pain of division that afflict this
continent-- and I pledge to you my country's efforts to help overcome these
burdens. To be sure, we in the West must resist Soviet expansion. So we must
maintain defenses of unassailable strength. Yet we seek peace; so we must
strive to reduce arms on both sides.
Beginning 10 years ago, the Soviets challenged the Western alliance with
a grave new threat, hundreds of new and more deadly SS-20 nuclear missiles,
capable of striking every capital in Europe. The Western alliance responded
by committing itself to a counter-deployment unless the Soviets agreed to
negotiate a better solution; namely, the elimination of such weapons on both
sides. For many months, the Soviets refused to bargain in earnestness. As
the alliance, in turn, prepared to go forward with its counter-deployment,
there were difficult days--days of protests like those during my 1982 visit
to this city--and the Soviets later walked away from the table.
But through it all, the alliance held firm. And I invite those who protested
then-- I invite those who protest today--to mark this fact: Because we remained
strong, the Soviets came back to the table. And because we remained strong,
today we have within reach the possibility, not merely of limiting the growth
of arms, but of eliminating, for the first time, an entire class of nuclear
weapons from the face of the earth.
As I speak, NATO ministers are meeting in Iceland to review the progress
of our proposals for eliminating these weapons. At the talks in Geneva, we
have also proposed deep cuts in strategic offensive weapons. And the Western
allies have likewise made far-reaching proposals to reduce the danger of conventional
war and to place a total ban on chemical weapons.
While we pursue these arms reductions, I pledge to you that we will maintain
the capacity to deter Soviet aggression at any level at which it might occur.
And in cooperation with many of our allies, the United States is pursuing
the Strategic Defense Initiative--research to base deterrence not on the threat
of offensive retaliation, but on defenses that truly defend; on systems, in
short, that will not target populations, but shield them. By these means we
seek to increase the safety of Europe and all the world. But we must remember
a crucial fact: East and West do not mistrust each other because we are armed;
we are armed because we mistrust each other. And our differences are not about
weapons but about liberty. When President Kennedy spoke at the City Hall those
24 years ago, freedom was encircled, Berlin was under siege. And today, despite
all the pressures upon this city, Berlin stands secure in its liberty. And
freedom itself is transforming the globe.
In the Philippines, in South and Central America, democracy has been given
a rebirth. Throughout the Pacific, free markets are working miracle after
miracle of economic growth. In the industrialized nations, a technological
revolution is taking place--a revolution marked by rapid, dramatic advances
in computers and telecommunications.
In Europe, only one nation and those it controls refuse to join the community
of freedom. Yet in this age of redoubled economic growth, of information and
innovation, the Soviet Union faces a choice: It must make fundamental changes,
or it will become obsolete.
Today thus represents a moment of hope. We in the West stand ready to
cooperate with the East to promote true openness, to break down barriers that
separate people, to create a safe, freer world. And surely there is no better
place than Berlin, the meeting place of East and West, to make a start. Free
people of Berlin: Today, as in the past, the United States stands for the
strict observance and full implementation of all parts of the Four Power Agreement
of 1971. Let us use this occasion, the 750th anniversary of this city, to
usher in a new era, to seek a still fuller, richer life for the Berlin of
the future. Together, let us maintain and develop the ties between the Federal
Republic and the Western sectors of Berlin, which is permitted by the 1971
agreement.
And I invite Mr. Gorbachev: Let us work to bring the Eastern and Western
parts of the city closer together, so that all the inhabitants of all Berlin
can enjoy the benefits that come with life in one of the great cities of the
world.
To open Berlin still further to all Europe, East and West, let us expand
the vital air access to this city, finding ways of making commercial air service
to Berlin more convenient, more comfortable, and more economical. We look
to the day when West Berlin can become one of the chief aviation hubs in all
central Europe.
With our French and British partners, the United States is prepared to
help bring international meetings to Berlin. It would be only fitting for
Berlin to serve as the site of United Nations meetings, or world conferences
on human rights and arms control or other issues that call for international
cooperation.
There is no better way to establish hope for the future than to enlighten
young minds, and we would be honored to sponsor summer youth exchanges, cultural
events, and other programs for young Berliners from the East. Our French and
British friends, I'm certain, will do the same. And it's my hope that an authority
can be found in East Berlin to sponsor visits from young people of the Western
sectors.
One final proposal, one close to my heart: Sport represents a source of
enjoyment and ennoblement, and you may have noted that the Republic of Korea--South
Korea--has offered to permit certain events of the 1988 Olympics to take place
in the North. International sports competitions of all kinds could take place
in both parts of this city. And what better way to demonstrate to the world
the openness of this city than to offer in some future year to hold the Olympic
games here in Berlin, East and West? In these four decades, as I have said,
you Berliners have built a great city. You've done so in spite of threats--the
Soviet attempts to impose the East-mark, the blockade. Today the city thrives
in spite of the challenges implicit in the very presence of this wall. What
keeps you here? Certainly there's a great deal to be said for your fortitude,
for your defiant courage. But I believe there's something deeper, something
that involves Berlin's whole look and feel and way of life--not mere sentiment.
No one could live long in Berlin without being completely disabused of illusions.
Something instead, that has seen the difficulties of life in Berlin but chose
to accept them, that continues to build this good and proud city in contrast
to a surrounding totalitarian presence that refuses to release human energies
or aspirations. Something that speaks with a powerful voice of affirmation,
that says yes to this city, yes to the future, yes to freedom. In a word,
I would submit that what keeps you in Berlin is love--love both profound and
abiding.
Perhaps this gets to the root of the matter, to the most fundamental distinction
of all between East and West. The totalitarian world produces backwardness
because it does such violence to the spirit, thwarting the human impulse to
create, to enjoy, to worship. The totalitarian world finds even symbols of
love and of worship an affront. Years ago, before the East Germans began rebuilding
their churches, they erected a secular structure: the television tower at
Alexander Platz. Virtually ever since, the authorities have been working to
correct what they view as the tower's one major flaw, treating the glass sphere
at the top with paints and chemicals of every kind. Yet even today when the
sun strikes that sphere--that sphere that towers over all Berlin--the light
makes the sign of the cross. There in Berlin, like the city itself, symbols
of love, symbols of worship, cannot be suppressed.
As I looked out a moment ago from the Reichstag, that embodiment of German
unity, I noticed words crudely spray-painted upon the wall, perhaps by a young
Berliner: "This wall will fall. Beliefs become reality." Yes, across
Europe, this wall will fall. For it cannot withstand faith; it cannot withstand
truth. The wall cannot withstand freedom.
And I would like, before I close, to say one word. I have read, and I
have been questioned since I've been here about certain demonstrations against
my coming. And I would like to say just one thing, and to those who demonstrate
so. I wonder if they have ever asked themselves that if they should have the
kind of government they apparently seek, no one would ever be able to do what
they're doing again.
Thank you and God bless you all.
President Ronald Reagan - June 12, 1987

59. Maximilien
          Robespierre - Festival of the Supreme Being (1794)
The day forever fortunate has arrived, which the French people have
consecrated to the Supreme Being. Never has the world which He created
offered to Him a spectacle so worthy of His notice. He has seen reigning
on the earth tyranny, crime, and imposture. He sees at this moment a whole
nation, grappling with all the oppressions of the human race, suspend the
course of its heroic labors to elevate its thoughts and vows toward the
great Being who has given it the mission it has undertaken and the strength
to accomplish it.
Is it not He whose immortal hand, engraving on the heart of man the
code of justice and equality, has written there the death sentence of tyrants?
Is it not He who, from the beginning of time, decreed for all the ages
and for all peoples liberty, good faith, and justice?
He did not create kings to devour the human race. He did not create
priests to harness us, like vile animals, to the chariots of kings and
to give to the world examples of baseness, pride, perfidy, avarice, debauchery,
and falsehood. He created the universe to proclaim His power. He created
men to help each other, to love each other mutually, and to attain to happiness
by the way of virtue.
It is He who implanted in the breast of the triumphant oppressor
remorse and terror, and in the heart of the oppressed and innocent calmness
and fortitude. It is He who impels the just man to hate the evil one, and
the evil man to respect the just one. It is He who adorns with modesty
the brow of beauty, to make it yet more beautiful. It is He who makes the
mother's heart beat with tenderness and joy. It is He who bathes with delicious
tears the eyes of the son pressed to the bosom of his mother. It is He
who silences the most imperious and tender passions before the sublime
love of the fatherland. It is He who has covered nature with charms, riches,
and majesty. All that is good is His work, or is Himself. Evil belongs
to the depraved man who oppresses his fellow man or suffers him to be oppressed.
The Author of Nature has bound all mortals by a boundless chain of
love and happiness. Perish the tyrants who have dared to break it!
Republican Frenchmen, it is yours to purify the earth which they
have soiled, and to recall to it the justice that they have banished! Liberty
and virtue together came from the breast of Divinity. Neither can abide
with mankind without the other.
O generous People, would you triumph over all your enemies? Practice
justice, and render the Divinity the only worship worthy of Him. O People,
let us deliver ourselves today, under His auspices, to the just transports
of a pure festivity. Tomorrow we shall return to the combat with vice and
tyrants. We shall give to the world the example of republican virtues.
And that will be to honor Him still.
The monster which the genius of kings had vomited over France has
gone back into nothingness. May all the crimes and all the misfortunes
of the world disappear with it! Armed in turn with the daggers of fanaticism
and the poisons of atheism, kings have always conspired to assassinate
humanity. If they are able no longer to disfigure Divinity by superstition,
to associate it with their crimes, they try to banish it from the earth,
so that they may reign there alone with crime.
O People, fear no more their sacrilegious plots! They can no more
snatch the world from the breast of its Author than remorse from their
own hearts. Unfortunate ones, uplift your eyes toward heaven! Heroes of
the fatherland, your generous devotion is not a brilliant madness. If the
satellites of tyranny can assassinate you, it is not in their power entirely
to destroy you. Man, whoever thou mayest be, thou canst still conceive
high thoughts for thyself. Thou canst bind thy fleeting life to God, and
to immortality. Let nature seize again all her splendor, and wisdom all
her empire! The Supreme Being has not been annihilated.
It is wisdom above all that our guilty enemies would drive from the
republic. To wisdom alone it is given to strengthen the prosperity of empires.
It is for her to guarantee to us the rewards of our courage. Let us associate
wisdom, then, with all our enterprises. Let us be grave and discreet in
all our deliberations, as men who are providing for the interests of the
world. Let us be ardent and obstinate in our anger against conspiring tyrants,
imperturbable in dangers, patient in labors, terrible in striking back,
modest and vigilant in successes. Let us be generous toward the good, compassionate
with the unfortunate, inexorable with the evil, just toward every one.
Let us not count on an unmixed prosperity, and on triumphs without attacks,
nor on all that depends on fortune or the perversity of others. Sole, but
infallible guarantors of our independence, let us crush the impious league
of kings by the grandeur of our character, even more than by the strength
of our arms.
Frenchmen, you war against kings; you are therefore worthy to honor
Divinity. Being of Beings, Author of Nature, the brutalized slave, the
vile instrument of despotism, the perfidious and cruel aristocrat, outrages
Thee by his very invocation of Thy name. But the defenders of liberty can
give themselves up to Thee, and rest with confidence upon Thy paternal
bosom. Being of Beings, we need not offer to Thee unjust prayers. Thou
knowest Thy creatures, proceeding from Thy hands. Their needs do not escape
Thy notice, more than their secret thoughts. Hatred of bad faith and tyranny
burns in our hearts, with love of justice and the fatherland. Our blood
flows for the cause of humanity. Behold our prayer. Behold our sacrifices.
Behold the worship we offer Thee.
Robespierre - 1794

60. Franklin
          D. Roosevelt - First Inaugural Address (1933)
President Hoover, Mr. Chief Justice, my friends:
This is a day of national consecration. And I am certain that on
this day my fellow Americans expect that on my induction into the Presidency
I will address them with a candor and a decision which the present situation
of our people impels. This is preeminently the time to speak the truth,
the whole truth, frankly and boldly. Nor need we shrink from honestly facing
conditions in our country today. This great Nation will endure as it has
endured, will revive and will prosper.
So, first of all, let me assert my firm belief that the only thing
we have to fear is fear itself--nameless, unreasoning, unjustified terror
which paralyzes needed efforts to convert retreat into advance. In every
dark hour of our national life a leadership of frankness and of vigor has
met with that understanding and support of the people themselves which
is essential to victory. And I am convinced that you will again give that
support to leadership in these critical days.
In such a spirit on my part and on yours we face our common difficulties.
They concern, thank God, only material things. Values have shrunken to
fantastic levels; taxes have risen; our ability to pay has fallen; government
of all kinds is faced by serious curtailment of income; the means of exchange
are frozen in the currents of trade; the withered leaves of industrial
enterprise lie on every side; farmers find no markets for their produce;
and the savings of many years in thousands of families are gone.
More important, a host of unemployed citizens face the grim problem
of existence, and an equally great number toil with little return. Only
a foolish optimist can deny the dark realities of the moment.
And yet our distress comes from no failure of substance. We are stricken
by no plague of locusts. Compared with the perils which our forefathers
conquered because they believed and were not afraid, we have still much
to be thankful for. Nature still offers her bounty and human efforts have
multiplied it. Plenty is at our doorstep, but a generous use of it languishes
in the very sight of the supply. Primarily this is because the rulers of
the exchange of mankind's goods have failed, through their own stubbornness
and their own incompetence, have admitted their failure, and abdicated.
Practices of the unscrupulous money changers stand indicted in the court
of public opinion, rejected by the hearts and minds of men.
True they have tried, but their efforts have been cast in the pattern
of an outworn tradition. Faced by failure of credit they have proposed
only the lending of more money. Stripped of the lure of profit by which
to induce our people to follow their false leadership, they have resorted
to exhortations, pleading tearfully for restored confidence. They only
know the rules of a generation of self-seekers. They have no vision, and
when there is no vision the people perish.
Yes, the money changers have fled from their high seats in the temple
of our civilization. We may now restore that temple to the ancient truths.
The measure of the restoration lies in the extent to which we apply social
values more noble than mere monetary profit.
Happiness lies not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the
joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort. The joy and the moral
stimulation of work no longer must be forgotten in the mad chase of evanescent
profits. These dark days, my friends, will be worth all they cost us if
they teach us that our true destiny is not to be ministered unto but to
minister to ourselves and to our fellow men.
Recognition of the falsity of material wealth as the standard of
success goes hand in hand with the abandonment of the false belief that
public office and high political position are to be valued only by the
standards of pride of place and personal profit; and there must be an end
to a conduct in banking and in business which too often has given to a
sacred trust the likeness of callous and selfish wrongdoing. Small wonder
that confidence languishes, for it thrives only on honesty, on honor, on
the sacredness of obligations, on faithful protection, and on unselfish
performance; without them it cannot live.
Restoration calls, however, not for changes in ethics alone. This
Nation is asking for action, and action now.
Our greatest primary task is to put people to work. This is no unsolvable
problem if we face it wisely and courageously. It can be accomplished in
part by direct recruiting by the Government itself, treating the task as
we would treat the emergency of a war, but at the same time, through this
employment, accomplishing greatly needed projects to stimulate and reorganize
the use of our great natural resources.
Hand in hand with that we must frankly recognize the overbalance
of population in our industrial centers and, by engaging on a national
scale in a redistribution, endeavor to provide a better use of the land
for those best fitted for the land. Yes, the task can be helped by definite
efforts to raise the values of agricultural products and with this the
power to purchase the output of our cities. It can be helped by preventing
realistically the tragedy of the growing loss through foreclosure of our
small homes and our farms. It can be helped by insistence that the Federal,
the State, and the local governments act forthwith on the demand that their
cost be drastically reduced. It can be helped by the unifying of relief
activities which today are often scattered, uneconomical, unequal. It can
be helped by national planning for and supervision of all forms of transportation
and of communications and other utilities that have a definitely public
character. There are many ways in which it can be helped, but it can never
be helped by merely talking about it. We must act. We must act quickly.
And finally, in our progress toward a resumption of work we require
two safeguards against a return of the evils of the old order; there must
be a strict supervision of all banking and credits and investments; there
must be an end to speculation with other people's money, and there must
be provision for an adequate but sound currency.
These, my friends, are the lines of attack. I shall presently urge
upon a new Congress in special session detailed measures for their fulfillment,
and I shall seek the immediate assistance of the 48 States.
Through this program of action we address ourselves to putting our
own national house in order and making income balance outgo. Our international
trade relations, though vastly important, are in point of time and necessity
secondary to the establishment of a sound national economy. I favor as
a practical policy the putting of first things first. I shall spare no
effort to restore world trade by international economic readjustment, but
the emergency at home cannot wait on that accomplishment.
The basic thought that guides these specific means of national recovery
is not narrowly nationalistic. It is the insistence, as a first consideration,
upon the interdependence of the various elements in all parts of the United
States of America--a recognition of the old and permanently important manifestation
of the American spirit of the pioneer. It is the way to recovery. It is
the immediate way. It is the strongest assurance that recovery will endure.
In the field of world policy I would dedicate this Nation to the
policy of the good neighbor--the neighbor who resolutely respects himself
and, because he does so, respects the rights of others--the neighbor who
respects his obligations and respects the sanctity of his agreements in
and with a world of neighbors.
If I read the temper of our people correctly, we now realize as we
have never realized before our interdependence on each other; that we can
not merely take but we must give as well; that if we are to go forward,
we must move as a trained and loyal army willing to sacrifice for the good
of a common discipline, because without such discipline no progress can
be made, no leadership becomes effective. We are, I know, ready and willing
to submit our lives and our property to such discipline, because it makes
possible a leadership which aims at the larger good. This I propose to
offer, pledging that the larger purposes will bind upon us, bind upon us
all as a sacred obligation with a unity of duty hitherto evoked only in
times of armed strife.
With this pledge taken, I assume unhesitatingly the leadership of
this great army of our people dedicated to a disciplined attack upon our
common problems.
Action in this image, action to this end is feasible under the form
of government which we have inherited from our ancestors. Our Constitution
is so simple, so practical that it is possible always to meet extraordinary
needs by changes in emphasis and arrangement without loss of essential
form. That is why our constitutional system has proved itself the most
superbly enduring political mechanism the modern world has ever seen. It
has met every stress of vast expansion of territory, of foreign wars, of
bitter internal strife, of world relations.
And it is to be hoped that the normal balance of executive and legislative
authority may be wholly adequate to meet the unprecedented task before
us. But it may be that an unprecedented demand and need for undelayed action
may call for temporary departure from that normal balance of public procedure.
I am prepared under my constitutional duty to recommend the measures
that a stricken nation in the midst of a stricken world may require. These
measures, or such other measures as the Congress may build out of its experience
and wisdom, I shall seek, within my constitutional authority, to bring
to speedy adoption.
But in the event that the Congress shall fail to take one of these
two courses, in the event that the national emergency is still critical,
I shall not evade the clear course of duty that will then confront me.
I shall ask the Congress for the one remaining instrument to meet the crisis--broad
Executive power to wage a war against the emergency, as great as the power
that would be given to me if we were in fact invaded by a foreign foe.
For the trust reposed in me, I will return the courage and the devotion
that befit the time. I can do no less.
We face the arduous days that lie before us in the warm courage of
national unity; with the clear consciousness of seeking old and precious
moral values; with the clean satisfaction that comes from the stern performance
of duty by old and young alike. We aim at the assurance of a rounded, a
permanent national life.
We do not distrust the future of essential democracy. The people
of the United States have not failed. In their need they have registered
a mandate that they want direct, vigorous action. They have asked for discipline
and direction under leadership. They have made me the present instrument
of their wishes. In the spirit of the gift I take it.
In this dedication of a Nation we humbly ask the blessing of God.
May He protect each and every one of us. May He guide me in the days to
come.
President Franklin D. Roosevelt - March 4, 1933

61. Franklin
          D. Roosevelt - Third Inaugural Address (1941)
Mr. Chief Justice, my friends:
On each national day of inauguration since 1789, the people have
renewed their sense of dedication to the United States.
In Washington's day the task of the people was to create and weld
together a nation.
In Lincoln's day the task of the people was to preserve that Nation
from disruption from within.
In this day the task of the people is to save that Nation and its
institutions from disruption from without.
To us there has come a time, in the midst of swift happenings, to
pause for a moment and take stock--to recall what our place in history
has been, and to rediscover what we are and what we may be. If we do not,
we risk the real peril of isolation, the real peril of inaction.
Lives of nations are determined not by the count of years, but by
the lifetime of the human spirit. The life of a man is three-score years
and ten: a little more, a little less. The life of a nation is the fullness
of the measure of its will to live.
There are men who doubt this. There are men who believe that democracy,
as a form of Government and a frame of life, is limited or measured by
a kind of mystical and artificial fate that, for some unexplained reason,
tyranny and slavery have become the surging wave of the future--and that
freedom is an ebbing tide.
But we Americans know that this is not true.
Eight years ago, when the life of this Republic seemed frozen by
a fatalistic terror, we proved that this is not true. We were in the midst
of shock--but we acted. We acted quickly, boldly, decisively.
These later years have been living years--fruitful years for the
people of this democracy. For they have brought to us greater security
and, I hope, a better understanding that life's ideals are to be measured
in other than material things.
Most vital to our present and to our future is this experience of a
democracy which successfully survived crisis at home; put away many evil
things; built new structures on enduring lines; and, through it all, maintained
the fact of its democracy.
For action has been taken within the three-way framework of the Constitution
of the United States. The coordinate branches of the Government continue
freely to function. The Bill of Rights remains inviolate. The freedom of
elections is wholly maintained. Prophets of the downfall of American democracy
have seen their dire predictions come to naught.
No, democracy is not dying.
We know it because we have seen it revive--and grow.
We know it cannot die--because it is built on the unhampered initiative
of individual men and women joined together in a common enterprise--an
enterprise undertaken and carried through by the free expression of a free
majority.
We know it because democracy alone, of all forms of government, enlists
the full force of men's enlightened will.
We know it because democracy alone has constructed an unlimited civilization
capable of infinite progress in the improvement of human life.
We know it because, if we look below the surface, we sense it still
spreading on every continent--for it is the most humane, the most advanced,
and in the end the most unconquerable of all forms of human society.
A nation, like a person, has a body--a body that must be fed and
clothed and housed, invigorated and rested, in a manner that measures up
to the standards of our time.
A nation, like a person, has a mind--a mind that must be kept informed
and alert, that must know itself, that understands the hopes and the needs
of its neighbors--all the other nations that live within the narrowing
circle of the world.
And a nation, like a person, has something deeper, something more
permanent, something larger than the sum of all its parts. It is that something
which matters most to its future--which calls forth the most sacred guarding
of its present.
It is a thing for which we find it difficult--even impossible--to
hit upon a single, simple word.
And yet we all understand what it is--the spirit--the faith of America.
It is the product of centuries. It was born in the multitudes of those
who came from many lands--some of high degree, but mostly plain people,
who sought here, early and late, to find freedom more freely.
The democratic aspiration is no mere recent phase in human history.
It is human history. It permeated the ancient life of early peoples. It
blazed anew in the middle ages. It was written in Magna Carta.
In the Americas its impact has been irresistible. America has been
the New World in all tongues, to all peoples, not because this continent
was a new-found land, but because all those who came here believed they
could create upon this continent a new life--a life that should be new
in freedom.
Its vitality was written into our Mayflower Compact, into the
Declaration of Independence, into the Constitution of the United States,
into the Gettysburg Address.
Those who first came here to carry out the longings of their spirit,
and the millions who followed, and the stock that sprang from them--all
have moved forward constantly and consistently toward an ideal which in
itself has gained stature and clarity with each generation.
The hopes of the Republic cannot forever tolerate either undeserved
poverty or self-serving wealth.
We know that we still have far to go; that we must more greatly build
the security and the opportunity and the knowledge of every citizen, in
the measure justified by the resources and the capacity of the land.
But it is not enough to achieve these purposes alone. It is not enough
to clothe and feed the body of this Nation, to instruct to inform its
mind. For there is also the spirit. And of the three, the greatest is the
spirit.
Without the body and the mind, as all men know, the Nation could
not live.
But if the spirit of America were killed, even though the Nation's
body and mind, constricted in an alien world, lived on, the America we
know would have perished.
That spirit--that faith--speaks to us in our daily lives in ways
often unnoticed, because they seem so obvious. It speaks to us here in
the Capital of the Nation. It speaks to us through the processes of governing
in the sovereignties of 48 States. It speaks to us in our counties, in
our cities, in our towns, and in our villages. It speaks to us from the
other nations of the hemisphere, and from those across the seas--the enslaved,
as well as the free. Sometimes we fail to hear or heed these voices of
freedom because to us the privilege of our freedom is such an old, old
story.
The destiny of America was proclaimed in words of prophecy spoken
by our first President in his first inaugural in 1789--words almost directed,
it would seem, to this year of 1941: "The preservation of the sacred
fire of liberty and the destiny of the republican model of government are
justly considered ... deeply, ... finally, staked on the experiment intrusted
to the hands of the American people."
If you and I, if we in this later day, lose that sacred fire--if we let it be smothered with doubt
and fear--then we shall reject the destiny which Washington strove so valiantly
and so triumphantly to establish. The preservation of the spirit and faith
of the Nation does, and will, furnish the highest justification for every
sacrifice that we may make in the cause of national defense.
In the face of great perils never before encountered, our strong
purpose is to protect and to perpetuate the integrity of democracy.
For this we muster the spirit of America, and the faith of America.
We do not retreat. We are not content to stand still. As Americans,
we go forward, in the service of our country, by the will of God.
President Franklin D. Roosevelt - January 20, 1941

62. Franklin
          D. Roosevelt - For a Declaration of War (1941)
Mr. Vice President, Mr. Speaker, members of the Senate and the House
of Representatives:
Yesterday, December 7th, 1941 - a date which will live in infamy -
the United States of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked by
naval and air forces of the Empire of Japan.
The United States was at peace with that nation, and, at the solicitation
of Japan, was still in conversation with its government and its Emperor
looking toward the maintenance of peace in the Pacific.
Indeed, one hour after Japanese air squadrons had commenced bombing
in the American island of Oahu, the Japanese Ambassador to the United States
and his colleague delivered to our Secretary of State a formal reply to
a recent American message. And, while this reply stated that it seemed
useless to continue the existing diplomatic negotiations, it contained
no threat or hint of war or of armed attack.
It will be recorded that the distance of Hawaii from Japan makes
it obvious that the attack was deliberately planned many days or even weeks
ago. During the intervening time the Japanese Government has deliberately
sought to deceive the United States by false statements and expressions
of hope for continued peace.
The attack yesterday on the Hawaiian Islands has caused severe damage
to American naval and military forces. I regret to tell you that very many
American lives have been lost. In addition, American ships have been reported
torpedoed on the high seas between San Francisco and Honolulu.
Yesterday the Japanese Government also launched an attack against
Malaya.
Last night Japanese forces attacked Hong Kong.
Last night Japanese forces attacked Guam.
Last night Japanese forces attacked the Philippine Islands.
Last night the Japanese attacked Wake Island.
And this morning the Japanese attacked Midway Island.
Japan has therefore undertaken a surprise offensive extending throughout
the Pacific area. The facts of yesterday and today speak for themselves.
The people of the United States have already formed their opinions and
well understand the implications to the very life and safety of our nation.
As Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy I have directed that all
measures be taken for our defense, that always will our whole nation remember
the character of the onslaught against us.
No matter how long it may take us to overcome this premeditated invasion,
the American people, in their righteous might, will win through to absolute
victory.
I believe that I interpret the will of the Congress and of the people
when I assert that we will not only defend ourselves to the uttermost but
will make it very certain that this form of treachery shall never again
endanger us.
Hostilities exist. There is no blinking at the fact that our people,
our territory and our interests are in grave danger.
With confidence in our armed forces, with the unbounding determination
of our people, we will gain the inevitable triumph. So help us God.
I ask that the Congress declare that since the unprovoked and dastardly
attack by Japan on Sunday, December 7th, 1941, a state of war has existed
between the United States and the Japanese Empire.
President Franklin D. Roosevelt - December 8, 1941

63. Franklin
          D. Roosevelt - D-Day Prayer (1944)
My Fellow Americans:
Last night, when I spoke with you about the fall of
Rome, I knew at that moment that troops of the United States and our Allies
were crossing the Channel in another and greater operation. It has come
to pass with success thus far.
And so, in this poignant hour, I ask you to join with
me in prayer:
Almighty God: Our sons, pride of our nation, this day
have set upon a mighty endeavor, a struggle to preserve our Republic, our
religion, and our civilization, and to set free a suffering humanity.
Lead them straight and true; give strength to their
arms, stoutness to their hearts, steadfastness in their faith.
They will need Thy blessings. Their road will be long
and hard. For the enemy is strong. He may hurl back our forces. Success
may not come with rushing speed, but we shall return again and again; and
we know that by Thy grace, and by the righteousness of our cause, our sons
will triumph.
They will be sore tried, by night and by day, without rest
-- until the victory is won. The darkness will be rent by noise and flame.
Men's souls will be shaken with the violences of war.
For these men are lately drawn from the ways of peace.
They fight not for the lust of conquest. They fight to end conquest. They
fight to liberate. They fight to let justice arise, and tolerance and goodwill
among all Thy people. They yearn but for the end of battle, for their return
to the haven of home.
Some will never return. Embrace these, Father, and
receive them, Thy heroic servants, into Thy kingdom.
And for us at home -- fathers, mothers, children, wives,
sisters, and brothers of brave men overseas, whose thoughts and prayers
are ever with them -- help us, Almighty God, to rededicate ourselves in
renewed faith in Thee in this hour of great sacrifice.
Many people have urged that I call the nation into
a single day of special prayer. But because the road is long and the desire
is great, I ask that our people devote themselves in a continuance of prayer.
As we rise to each new day, and again when each day is spent, let words
of prayer be on our lips, invoking Thy help to our efforts.
Give us strength, too -- strength in our daily tasks,
to redouble the contributions we make in the physical and the material
support of our armed forces.
And let our hearts be stout, to wait out the long travail,
to bear sorrows that may come, to impart our courage unto our sons wheresoever
they may be.
And, O Lord, give us faith. Give us faith in Thee;
faith in our sons; faith in each other; faith in our united crusade. Let
not the keeness of our spirit ever be dulled. Let not the impacts of temporary
events, of temporal matters of but fleeting moment -- let not these deter
us in our unconquerable purpose.
With Thy blessing, we shall prevail over the unholy
forces of our enemy. Help us to conquer the apostles of greed and racial
arrogances. Lead us to the saving of our country, and with our sister nations
into a world unity that will spell a sure peace -- a peace invulnerable
to the schemings of unworthy men. And a peace that will let all of men
live in freedom, reaping the just rewards of their honest toil.
Thy will be done, Almighty God.
Amen.
President Franklin D. Roosevelt - June 6, 1944

64. Gerhard Schrder - "I
          Express My Shame" (2005)
Survivors of Auschwitz-Birkenau,
Ladies and gentlemen,
I would like to thank the International Auschwitz Committee for the invitation
to speak to you here today.
In my estimation an invitation of this kind is still not something that
can be taken for granted. It would be fitting for us Germans to remain silent
in the face of what was the greatest crime in the history of mankind. Words
by government leaders are inadequate when confronted with the absolute immorality
and senselessness of the murder of millions.
We look for rational understanding of something that is beyond human comprehension.
We seek definitive answers, but in vain.
What is left is the testimony of those few who survived and their descendants.
What is left are the remains of the sites of these murders and the historical
record.
What is left also is the certainty that these extermination camps were
a manifestation of absolute evil.
Evil is not a political or scientific category. But, after Auschwitz,
who could doubt that it exists, and that it manifested itself in the hate-driven
genocide carried out by the Nazi regime? However, noting this fact does not
permit us to circumvent our responsibility by blaming everything on a demonic
Hitler. The evil manifested in the Nazi ideology was not without its precursors.
There was a tradition behind the rise of this brutal ideology and the accompanying
loss of moral inhibition. Above all, it needs to be said that the Nazi ideology
was something that people supported at the time and that they took part in
putting into effect.
Now, sixty years after the liberation of Auschwitz by the Red Army, I
stand before you as the representative of a democratic Germany. I express
my shame for the deaths of those who were murdered and for the fact that you,
the survivors, were forced to go through the hell of a concentration camp.
Chelmno, Belzec, Sobibor, Treblinka, Maidanek, and Auschwitz-Birkenau
are names that will forever be associated with the history of the victims
as well as with German and European history. We know that.
We bear this burden with sadness, but also with a serious sense of responsibility.
Millions of men, women, and children were gassed, starved, or shot by
German SS troops and their helpers.
Jews, gypsies, homosexuals, political prisoners, POWs, and resistance
fighters from across Europe were exterminated with cold industrial perfection
or were enslaved and worked to death.
Never before had there been a worse breakdown of thousands of years of
European culture and civilization. After the war it took some time before
the full extent of this breakdown was realized. We are aware of it, but I
doubt that we will ever be able to understand it. The past cannot be "overcome."
It is the past. But its traces and, above all, the lessons to be learned from
it extend to the present.
There will never be anything that can make up for the horror, the torment,
and the agony that took place in the concentration camps. It is only possible
to provide the families of those who died and the survivors a certain amount
of compensation.
Germany has faced this responsibility for a long period of time now with
its government policies and court decisions, supported by a sense of justice
on the part of the people.
The young men and women in the photo we see here were freed in the summer
of 1945. Most survivors went in different directions after their liberation:
to Israel, to North and South America, to neighboring European countries,
or back to their countries of origin.
However, some of them stayed in or returned to Germany, the country where
the so-called 'Final Solution' originated.
It was an extraordinarily difficult decision for them, and often enough
it was not a voluntary decision, but rather the result of total desperation.
However, hope did return to their disrupted lives, and many did remain in
Germany, and we are grateful for that.
Today the Jewish community in Germany is the third-largest in Europe.
It is full of vitality and growing rapidly. New synagogues are being built.
The Jewish community is and will remain an irreplaceable part of our society
and culture. Its brilliant as well as painful history will continue to be
both an obligation and a promise for the future.
We will use the powers of government to protect it against the anti-Semitism
of those who refuse to learn the lessons of the past. There is no denying
that anti-Semitism continues to exist. It is the task of society as a whole
to fight it. It must never again become possible for anti-Semites to attack
and cause injury to Jewish citizens in our country or any other country and
in doing so bring disgrace upon our nation.
Right-wing extremists, with their spray-painted slogans, have the special
attention of our law enforcement and justice authorities. But the process
of dealing politically with neo-Nazis and former Nazis is something we all
need to do together.
It is the duty of all democrats to provide a strong response to neo-Nazi
incitement and recurrent attempts on their part to play down the importance
of the crimes perpetrated by the Nazi regime. For the enemies of democracy
and tolerance there can be no tolerance.
The survivors of Auschwitz have called upon us to be vigilant, not to
look away, and not to pretend we don't hear things. They have called upon
us to acknowledge human rights violations and to do something about them.
They are being heard, particularly by young people, for instance by those
who are looking at the Auschwitz memorial today with their own eyes. They
are speaking with former prisoners. They are helping to maintain and preserve
the memorial. They will also help to inform future generations of the crimes
committed by the Nazi regime.
The vast majority of the Germans living today bear no guilt for the Holocaust.
But they do bear a special responsibility. Remembrance of the war and the
genocide perpetrated by the Nazi regime has become part of our living constitution.
For some this is a difficult burden to bear.
Nonetheless this remembrance is part of our national identity. Remembrance
of the Nazi era and its crimes is a moral obligation. We owe it to the victims,
we owe it to the survivors and their families, and we owe it to ourselves.
It is true, the temptation to forget is very great. But we will not succumb
to this temptation.
The Holocaust memorial in the center of Berlin cannot restore the lives
or the dignity of the victims. It can perhaps serve survivors and their descendants
as a symbol of their suffering. It serves us all as a reminder of the past.
We know one thing for sure. There would be no freedom, no human dignity,
and no justice if we were to forget what happened when freedom, justice, and
human dignity were desecrated by government power. Exemplary efforts are being
undertaken in many German schools, in companies, in labor unions, and in the
churches. Germany is facing up to its past.
From the Shoa and Nazi terror a certainty has arisen for us all that can
best be expressed by the words "never again." We want to preserve
this certainty. All Germans, but also all Europeans, and the entire international
community need to continue to learn to live together with respect, humanity,
and in peace.
The Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide
was a direct effect of the Holocaust on international law. It requires people
of different cultural, religious, and racial origins to respect and protect
life and human dignity throughout the world. You in the International Auschwitz
Committee support this with the exemplary work you are doing in the interest
of all people.
Together with you I bow my head before the victims of the death camps.
Even if one day the names of the victims should fade in the memory of mankind,
their fate will not be forgotten. They will remain in the heart of history.

65. Elizabeth Cady
          Stanton - The Destructive Male (1868)
I urge a sixteenth amendment, because 'manhood suffrage,' or a man's
government, is civil, religious, and social disorganization. The male element
is a destructive force, stern, selfish, aggrandizing, loving war, violence,
conquest, acquisition, breeding in the material and moral world alike discord,
disorder, disease, and death. See what a record of blood and cruelty the
pages of history reveal! Through what slavery, slaughter, and sacrifice,
through what inquisitions and imprisonments, pains and persecutions, black
codes and gloomy creeds, the soul of humanity has struggled for the centuries,
while mercy has veiled her face and all hearts have been dead alike to
love and hope!
The male element has held high carnival thus far; it has fairly run
riot from the beginning, overpowering the feminine element everywhere,
crushing out all the diviner qualities in human nature, until we know but
little of true manhood and womanhood, of the latter comparatively nothing,
for it has scarce been recognized as a power until within the last century.
Society is but the reflection of man himself, untempered by woman's thought;
the hard iron rule we feel alike in the church, the state, and the home.
No one need wonder at the disorganization, at the fragmentary condition
of everything, when we remember that man, who represents but half a complete
being, with but half an idea on every subject, has undertaken the absolute
control of all sublunary matters.
People object to the demands of those whom they choose to call the
strong-minded, because they say 'the right of suffrage will make the women
masculine.' That is just the difficulty in which we are involved today.
Though disfranchised, we have few women in the best sense; we have simply
so many reflections, varieties, and dilutions of the masculine gender.
The strong, natural characteristics of womanhood are repressed and ignored
in dependence, for so long as man feeds woman she will try to please the
giver and adapt herself to his condition. To keep a foothold in society,
woman must be as near like man as possible, reflect his ideas, opinions,
virtues, motives, prejudices, and vices. She must respect his statutes,
though they strip her of every inalienable right, and conflict with that
higher law written by the finger of God on her own soul.
She must look at everything from its dollar-and-cent point of view,
or she is a mere romancer. She must accept things as they are and make
the best of them. To mourn over the miseries of others, the poverty of
the poor, their hardships in jails, prisons, asylums, the horrors of war,
cruelty, and brutality in every form, all this would be mere sentimentalizing.
To protest against the intrigue, bribery, and corruption of public life,
to desire that her sons might follow some business that did not involve
lying, cheating, and a hard, grinding selfishness, would be arrant nonsense.
In this way man has been molding woman to his ideas by direct and
positive influences, while she, if not a negation, has used indirect means
to control him, and in most cases developed the very characteristics both
in him and herself that needed repression. And now man himself stands appalled
at the results of his own excesses, and mourns in bitterness that falsehood,
selfishness, and violence are the law of life. The need of this hour is
not territory, gold mines, railroads, or specie payments but a new evangel
of womanhood, to exalt purity, virtue, morality, true religion, to lift
man up into the higher realms of thought and action.
We ask woman's enfranchisement, as the first step toward the recognition
of that essential element in government that can only secure the health,
strength, and prosperity of the nation. Whatever is done to lift woman
to her true position will help to usher in a new day of peace and perfection
for the race.
In speaking of the masculine element, I do not wish to be understood
to say that all men are hard, selfish, and brutal, for many of the most
beautiful spirits the world has known have been clothed with manhood; but
I refer to those characteristics, though often marked in woman, that distinguish
what is called the stronger sex. For example, the love of acquisition and
conquest, the very pioneers of civilization, when expended on the earth,
the sea, the elements, the riches and forces of nature, are powers of destruction
when used to subjugate one man to another or to sacrifice nations to ambition.
Here that great conservator of woman's love, if permitted to assert
itself, as it naturally would in freedom against oppression, violence,
and war, would hold all these destructive forces in check, for woman knows
the cost of life better than man does, and not with her consent would one
drop of blood ever be shed, one life sacrificed in vain.
With violence and disturbance in the natural world, we see a constant
effort to maintain an equilibrium of forces. Nature, like a loving mother,
is ever trying to keep land and sea, mountain and valley, each in its place,
to hush the angry winds and waves, balance the extremes of heat and cold,
of rain and drought, that peace, harmony, and beauty may reign supreme.
There is a striking analogy between matter and mind, and the present disorganization
of society warns us that in the dethronement of woman we have let loose
the elements of violence and ruin that she only has the power to curb.
If the civilization of the age calls for an extension of the suffrage,
surely a government of the most virtuous educated men and women would better
represent the whole and protect the interests of all than could the representation
of either sex alone.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton - 1868

66. George Graham
          Vest - Tribute to Dogs (c1855)
Gentlemen of the Jury: The best friend a man has in the world may
turn against him and become his enemy. His son or daughter that he has
reared with loving care may prove ungrateful. Those who are nearest and
dearest to us, those whom we trust with our happiness and our good name
may become traitors to their faith. The money that a man has, he may lose.
It flies away from him, perhaps when he needs it most. A man's reputation
may be sacrificed in a moment of ill-considered action. The people who
are prone to fall on their knees to do us honor when success is with us,
may be the first to throw the stone of malice when failure settles its
cloud upon our heads.
The one absolutely unselfish friend that man can have in this selfish
world, the one that never deserts him, the one that never proves ungrateful
or treacherous is his dog. A man's dog stands by him in prosperity and
in poverty, in health and in sickness. He will sleep on the cold ground,
where the wintry winds blow and the snow drives fiercely, if only he may
be near his master's side. He will kiss the hand that has no food to offer.
He will lick the wounds and sores that come in encounters with the roughness
of the world. He guards the sleep of his pauper master as if he were a
prince. When all other friends desert, he remains. When riches take wings,
and reputation falls to pieces, he is as constant in his love as the sun
in its journey through the heavens.
If fortune drives the master forth, an outcast in the world, friendless
and homeless, the faithful dog asks no higher privilege than that of accompanying
him, to guard him against danger, to fight against his enemies. And when
the last scene of all comes, and death takes his master in its embrace
and his body is laid away in the cold ground, no matter if all other friends
pursue their way, there by the graveside will the noble dog be found, his
head between his paws, his eyes sad, but open in alert watchfulness, faithful
and true even in death.
George Graham Vest - c. 1855

67. George Washington
          - Prevents the Revolt of his Officers (1783)
Gentlemen:
By an anonymous summons, an attempt has been made to convene you together;
how inconsistent with the rules of propriety, how unmilitary, and how subversive
of all order and discipline, let the good sense of the army decide...
Thus much, gentlemen, I have thought it incumbent on me to observe
to you, to show upon what principles I opposed the irregular and hasty
meeting which was proposed to have been held on Tuesday last - and not
because I wanted a disposition to give you every opportunity consistent
with your own honor, and the dignity of the army, to make known your grievances.
If my conduct heretofore has not evinced to you that I have been a faithful
friend to the army, my declaration of it at this time would be equally
unavailing and improper. But as I was among the first who embarked in the
cause of our common country. As I have never left your side one moment,
but when called from you on public duty. As I have been the constant companion
and witness of your distresses, and not among the last to feel and acknowledge
your merits. As I have ever considered my own military reputation as inseparably
connected with that of the army. As my heart has ever expanded with joy,
when I have heard its praises, and my indignation has arisen, when the
mouth of detraction has been opened against it, it can scarcely be supposed,
at this late stage of the war, that I am indifferent to its interests.
But how are they to be promoted? The way is plain, says the anonymous
addresser. If war continues, remove into the unsettled country, there establish
yourselves, and leave an ungrateful country to defend itself. But who are
they to defend? Our wives, our children, our farms, and other property
which we leave behind us. Or, in this state of hostile separation, are
we to take the two first (the latter cannot be removed) to perish in a
wilderness, with hunger, cold, and nakedness? If peace takes place, never
sheathe your swords, says he, until you have obtained full and ample justice;
this dreadful alternative, of either deserting our country in the extremest
hour of her distress or turning our arms against it (which is the apparent
object, unless Congress can be compelled into instant compliance), has
something so shocking in it that humanity revolts at the idea. My God!
What can this writer have in view, by recommending such measures? Can he
be a friend to the army? Can he be a friend to this country? Rather, is
he not an insidious foe? Some emissary, perhaps, from New York, plotting
the ruin of both, by sowing the seeds of discord and separation between
the civil and military powers of the continent? And what a compliment does
he pay to our understandings when he recommends measures in either alternative,
impracticable in their nature?
I cannot, in justice to my own belief, and what I have great reason
to conceive is the intention of Congress, conclude this address, without
giving it as my decided opinion, that that honorable body entertain exalted
sentiments of the services of the army; and, from a full conviction of
its merits and sufferings, will do it complete justice. That their endeavors
to discover and establish funds for this purpose have been unwearied, and
will not cease till they have succeeded, I have not a doubt. But, like
all other large bodies, where there is a variety of different interests
to reconcile, their deliberations are slow. Why, then, should we distrust
them? And, in consequence of that distrust, adopt measures which may cast
a shade over that glory which has been so justly acquired; and tarnish
the reputation of an army which is celebrated through all Europe, for its
fortitude and patriotism? And for what is this done? To bring the object
we seek nearer? No! most certainly, in my opinion, it will cast it at a
greater distance.
For myself (and I take no merit in giving the assurance, being induced
to it from principles of gratitude, veracity, and justice), a grateful
sense of the confidence you have ever placed in me, a recollection of the
cheerful assistance and prompt obedience I have experienced from you, under
every vicissitude of fortune, and the sincere affection I feel for an army
I have so long had the honor to command will oblige me to declare, in this
public and solemn manner, that, in the attainment of complete justice for
all your toils and dangers, and in the gratification of every wish, so
far as may be done consistently with the great duty I owe my country and
those powers we are bound to respect, you may freely command my services
to the utmost of my abilities.
While I give you these assurances, and pledge myself in the most
unequivocal manner to exert whatever ability I am possessed of in your
favor, let me entreat you, gentlemen, on your part, not to take any measures
which, viewed in the calm light of reason, will lessen the dignity and
sully the glory you have hitherto maintained; let me request you to rely
on the plighted faith of your country, and place a full confidence in the
purity of the intentions of Congress; that, previous to your dissolution
as an army, they will cause all your accounts to be fairly liquidated,
as directed in their resolutions, which were published to you two days
ago, and that they will adopt the most effectual measures in their power
to render ample justice to you, for your faithful and meritorious services.
And let me conjure you, in the name of our common country, as you value
your own sacred honor, as you respect the rights of humanity, and as you
regard the military and national character of America, to express your
utmost horror and detestation of the man who wishes, under any specious
pretenses, to overturn the liberties of our country, and who wickedly attempts
to open the floodgates of civil discord and deluge our rising empire in
blood.
By thus determining and thus acting, you will pursue the plain and
direct road to the attainment of your wishes. You will defeat the insidious
designs of our enemies, who are compelled to resort from open force to
secret artifice. You will give one more distinguished proof of unexampled
patriotism and patient virtue, rising superior to the pressure of the most
complicated sufferings. And you will, by the dignity of your conduct, afford
occasion for posterity to say, when speaking of the glorious example you
have exhibited to mankind, "Had this day been wanting, the world had
never seen the last stage of perfection to which human nature is capable
of attaining."
General George Washington - March 15, 1783

68. Elie Wiesel
          - The Perils of Indifference (1999)
Mr. President, Mrs. Clinton, members of Congress, Ambassador Holbrooke,
Excellencies, friends: Fifty-four years ago to the day, a young Jewish
boy from a small town in the Carpathian Mountains woke up, not far from
Goethe's beloved Weimar, in a place of eternal infamy called Buchenwald.
He was finally free, but there was no joy in his heart. He thought there
never would be again.
Liberated a day earlier by American soldiers, he remembers their
rage at what they saw. And even if he lives to be a very old man, he will
always be grateful to them for that rage, and also for their compassion.
Though he did not understand their language, their eyes told him what he
needed to know -- that they, too, would remember, and bear witness.
And now, I stand before you, Mr. President -- Commander-in-Chief
of the army that freed me, and tens of thousands of others -- and I am
filled with a profound and abiding gratitude to the American people.
Gratitude is a word that I cherish. Gratitude is what defines the
humanity of the human being. And I am grateful to you, Hillary -- or Mrs.
Clinton -- for what you said, and for what you are doing for children in
the world, for the homeless, for the victims of injustice, the victims
of destiny and society. And I thank all of you for being here.
We are on the threshold of a new century, a new millennium. What
will the legacy of this vanishing century be? How will it be remembered
in the new millennium? Surely it will be judged, and judged severely, in
both moral and metaphysical terms. These failures have cast a dark shadow
over humanity: two World Wars, countless civil wars, the senseless chain
of assassinations -- Gandhi, the Kennedys, Martin Luther King, Sadat, Rabin
-- bloodbaths in Cambodia and Nigeria, India and Pakistan, Ireland and
Rwanda, Eritrea and Ethiopia, Sarajevo and Kosovo; the inhumanity in the
gulag and the tragedy of Hiroshima. And, on a different level, of course,
Auschwitz and Treblinka. So much violence, so much indifference.
What is indifference? Etymologically, the word means "no difference."
A strange and unnatural state in which the lines blur between light and
darkness, dusk and dawn, crime and punishment, cruelty and compassion,
good and evil.
What are its courses and inescapable consequences? Is it a philosophy?
Is there a philosophy of indifference conceivable? Can one possibly view
indifference as a virtue? Is it necessary at times to practice it simply
to keep one's sanity, live normally, enjoy a fine meal and a glass of wine,
as the world around us experiences harrowing upheavals?
Of course, indifference can be tempting -- more than that, seductive.
It is so much easier to look away from victims. It is so much easier to
avoid such rude interruptions to our work, our dreams, our hopes. It is,
after all, awkward, troublesome, to be involved in another person's pain
and despair. Yet, for the person who is indifferent, his or her neighbor
are of no consequence. And, therefore, their lives are meaningless. Their
hidden or even visible anguish is of no interest. Indifference reduces
the other to an abstraction.
Over there, behind the black gates of Auschwitz, the most tragic
of all prisoners were the "Muselmanner," as they were called.
Wrapped in their torn blankets, they would sit or lie on the ground, staring
vacantly into space, unaware of who or where they were, strangers to their
surroundings. They no longer felt pain, hunger, thirst. They feared nothing.
They felt nothing. They were dead and did not know it.
Rooted in our tradition, some of us felt that to be abandoned by
humanity then was not the ultimate. We felt that to be abandoned by God
was worse than to be punished by Him. Better an unjust God than an indifferent
one. For us to be ignored by God was a harsher punishment than to be a
victim of His anger. Man can live far from God -- not outside God. God
is wherever we are. Even in suffering? Even in suffering.
In a way, to be indifferent to that suffering is what makes the human
being inhuman. Indifference, after all, is more dangerous than anger and
hatred. Anger can at times be creative. One writes a great poem, a great
symphony, one does something special for the sake of humanity because one
is angry at the injustice that one witnesses. But indifference is never
creative. Even hatred at times may elicit a response. You fight it. You
denounce it. You disarm it. Indifference elicits no response. Indifference
is not a response.
Indifference is not a beginning, it is an end. And, therefore, indifference
is always the friend of the enemy, for it benefits the aggressor -- never
his victim, whose pain is magnified when he or she feels forgotten. The
political prisoner in his cell, the hungry children, the homeless refugees
-- not to respond to their plight, not to relieve their solitude by offering
them a spark of hope is to exile them from human memory. And in denying
their humanity we betray our own.
Indifference, then, is not only a sin, it is a punishment. And this
is one of the most important lessons of this outgoing century's wide-ranging
experiments in good and evil.
In the place that I come from, society was composed of three simple
categories: the killers, the victims, and the bystanders. During the darkest
of times, inside the ghettoes and death camps -- and I'm glad that Mrs.
Clinton mentioned that we are now commemorating that event, that period,
that we are now in the Days of Remembrance -- but then, we felt abandoned,
forgotten. All of us did.
And our only miserable consolation was that we believed that Auschwitz
and Treblinka were closely guarded secrets; that the leaders of the free
world did not know what was going on behind those black gates and barbed
wire; that they had no knowledge of the war against the Jews that Hitler's
armies and their accomplices waged as part of the war against the Allies.
If they knew, we thought, surely those leaders would have moved heaven
and earth to intervene. They would have spoken out with great outrage and
conviction. They would have bombed the railways leading to Birkenau, just
the railways, just once.
And now we knew, we learned, we discovered that the Pentagon knew,
the State Department knew. And the illustrious occupant of the White House
then, who was a great leader -- and I say it with some anguish and pain,
because, today is exactly 54 years marking his death -- Franklin Delano
Roosevelt died on April the 12th, 1945, so he is very much present to me
and to us.
No doubt, he was a great leader. He mobilized the American people
and the world, going into battle, bringing hundreds and thousands of valiant
and brave soldiers in America to fight fascism, to fight dictatorship,
to fight Hitler. And so many of the young people fell in battle. And, nevertheless,
his image in Jewish history -- I must say it -- his image in Jewish history
is flawed.
The depressing tale of the St. Louis is a case in point. Sixty years
ago, its human cargo -- maybe 1,000 Jews -- was turned back to Nazi Germany.
And that happened after the Kristallnacht, after the first state sponsored
pogrom, with hundreds of Jewish shops destroyed, synagogues burned, thousands
of people put in concentration camps. And that ship, which was already
on the shores of the United States, was sent back.
I don't understand. Roosevelt was a good man, with a heart. He understood
those who needed help. Why didn't he allow these refugees to disembark?
A thousand people -- in America, a great country, the greatest democracy,
the most generous of all new nations in modern history. What happened?
I don't understand. Why the indifference, on the highest level, to the
suffering of the victims?
But then, there were human beings who were sensitive to our tragedy.
Those non-Jews, those Christians, that we called the "Righteous Gentiles,"
whose selfless acts of heroism saved the honor of their faith. Why were
they so few? Why was there a greater effort to save SS murderers after
the war than to save their victims during the war?
Why did some of America's largest corporations continue to do business
with Hitler's Germany until 1942? It has been suggested, and it was documented,
that the Wehrmacht could not have conducted its invasion of France without
oil obtained from American sources. How is one to explain their indifference?
And yet, my friends, good things have also happened in this traumatic
century: the defeat of Nazism, the collapse of communism, the rebirth of
Israel on its ancestral soil, the demise of apartheid, Israel's peace treaty
with Egypt, the peace accord in Ireland. And let us remember the meeting,
filled with drama and emotion, between Rabin and Arafat that you, Mr. President,
convened in this very place. I was here and I will never forget it.
And then, of course, the joint decision of the United States and
NATO to intervene in Kosovo and save those victims, those refugees, those
who were uprooted by a man whom I believe that because of his crimes, should
be charged with crimes against humanity. But this time, the world was not
silent. This time, we do respond. This time, we intervene.
Does it mean that we have learned from the past? Does it mean that
society has changed? Has the human being become less indifferent and more
human? Have we really learned from our experiences? Are we less insensitive
to the plight of victims of ethnic cleansing and other forms of injustices
in places near and far? Is today's justified intervention in Kosovo, led
by you, Mr. President, a lasting warning that never again will the deportation,
the terrorization of children and their parents be allowed anywhere in
the world? Will it discourage other dictators in other lands to do the
same?
What about the children? Oh, we see them on television, we read about
them in the papers, and we do so with a broken heart. Their fate is always
the most tragic, inevitably. When adults wage war, children perish. We
see their faces, their eyes. Do we hear their pleas? Do we feel their pain,
their agony? Every minute one of them dies of disease, violence, famine.
Some of them -- so many of them -- could be saved.
And so, once again, I think of the young Jewish boy from the Carpathian
Mountains. He has accompanied the old man I have become throughout these
years of quest and struggle. And together we walk towards the new millennium,
carried by profound fear and extraordinary hope.
Elie Wiesel - April 12, 1999

69. Woodrow
          Wilson - The Fourteen Points (1918)
Gentlemen of the Congress:
Once more, as repeatedly before, the spokesmen of the Central Empires
have indicated their desire to discuss the objects of the war and the possible
basis of a general peace. Parleys have been in progress at Brest-Litovsk
between Russian representatives and representatives of the Central Powers
to which the attention of all the belligerents has been invited for the
purpose of ascertaining whether it may be possible to extend these parleys
into a general conference with regard to terms of peace and settlement.
The Russian representatives presented not only a perfectly definite
statement of the principles upon which they would be willing to conclude
peace, but also an equally definite program of the concrete application
of those principles. The representatives of the Central Powers, on their
part, presented an outline of settlement which, if much less definite,
seemed susceptible of liberal interpretation until their specific program
of practical terms was added. That program proposed no concessions at all,
either to the sovereignty of Russia or to the preferences of the populations
with whose fortunes it dealt, but meant, in a word, that the Central Empires
were to keep every foot of territory their armed forces had occupied--every
province, every city, every point of vantage as a permanent addition to
their territories and their power.
It is a reasonable conjecture that the general principles of settlement
which they at first suggested originated with the more liberal statesmen
of Germany and Austria, the men who have begun to feel the force of their
own peoples' thought and purpose, while the concrete terms of actual settlement
came from the military leaders who have no thought but to keep what they
have got. The negotiations have been broken off. The Russian representatives
were sincere and in earnest. They cannot entertain such proposals of conquest
and domination.
The whole incident is full of significance. It is also full of perplexity.
With whom are the Russian representatives dealing? For whom are the representatives
of the Central Empires speaking? Are they speaking for the majorities of
their respective parliaments or for the minority parties, that military
and imperialistic minority which has so far dominated their whole policy
and controlled the affairs of Turkey and of the Balkan States which have
felt obliged to become their associates in this war?
The Russian representatives have insisted, very justly, very wisely,
and in the true spirit of modern democracy, that the conferences they have
been holding with the Teutonic and Turkish statesmen should be held within
open, not closed, doors, and all the world lies been audience, as was desired.
To whom have we been listening, then? To those who speak the spirit and
intention of the resolutions of the German Reichstag of the 9th of July
last, the spirit and intention of the liberal leaders and parties of Germany,
or to those who resist and defy that spirit and intention and insist upon
conquest and subjugation? Or are we listening, in fact, to both, unreconciled
and in open and hopeless contradiction? These are very serious and pregnant
questions. Upon the answer to them depends the peace of the world.
But whatever the results of the parleys at Brest-Litovsk, whatever
the confusions of counsel and of purpose in the utterances of the spokesmen
of the Central Empires, they have again attempted to acquaint the world
with their objects in the war and have again challenged their adversaries
to say what their objects are and what sort of settlement they would deem
just and satisfactory. There is no good reason why that challenge should
not be responded to, and responded to with the utmost candor. We did not
wait for it. Not once, but again and again we have laid our whole thought
and purpose before the world, not in general terms only, but each time
with sufficient definition to make it clear what sort of definite terms
of settlement must necessarily spring out of them. Within the last week
Mr. Lloyd George has spoken with admirable candor and in admirable spirit
for the people and Government of Great Britain.
There is no confusion of counsel among the adversaries of the Central
Powers, no uncertainty of principle, no vagueness of detail. The only secrecy
of counsel, the only lack of fearless frankness, the only failure to make
definite statement of the objects of the war, lies with Germany and her
allies. The issues of life and death hang upon these definitions. No statesman
who has the least conception of his responsibility ought for a moment to
permit himself to continue this tragical and appalling outpouring of blood
and treasure unless he is sure beyond a peradventure that the objects of
the vital sacrifice are part and parcel of the very life of society and
that the people for whom he speaks think them right and imperative as he
does.
There is, moreover, a voice calling for these definitions of principle
and of purpose which is, it seems to me, more thrilling and more compelling
than any of the many moving voices with which the troubled air of the world
is filled. It is the voice of the Russian people. They are prostrate and
all but helpless, it would seem, before the grim power of Germany, which
has hitherto known no relenting and no pity. Their power, apparently, is
shattered. And yet their soul is not subservient. They will not yield either
in principle or in action. Their conception of what is right, of what is
humane and honorable for them to accept, has been stated with a frankness,
a largeness of view, a generosity of spirit, and a universal human sympathy
which must challenge the admiration of every friend of mankind; and they
have refused to compound their ideals or desert others that they themselves
may be safe.
They call to us to say what it is that we desire, in what, if in
anything, our purpose and our spirit differ from theirs; and I believe
that the people of the United States would wish me to respond, with utter
simplicity and frankness. Whether their present leaders believe it or not,
it is our heartfelt desire and hope that some way may be opened whereby
we may be privileged to assist the people of Russia to attain their utmost
hope of liberty and ordered peace.
It will be our wish and purpose that the processes of peace, when
they are begun, shall be absolutely open and that they shall involve and
permit henceforth no secret understandings of any kind. The day of conquest
and aggrandizement is gone by; so is also the day of secret covenants entered
into in the interest of particular governments and likely at some unlooked-for
moment to upset the peace of the world. It is this happy fact, now clear
to the view of every public man whose thoughts do not still linger in an
age that is dead and gone, which makes it possible for every nation whose
purposes are consistent with justice and the peace of the world to avow
now or at any other time the objects it has in view.
We entered this war because violations of right had occurred which
touched us to the quick and made the life of our own people impossible
unless they were corrected and the world secured once for all against their
recurrence.
What we demand in this war, therefore, is nothing peculiar to ourselves.
It is that the world be made fit and safe to live in; and particularly
that it be made safe for every peace-loving nation which, like our own,
wishes to live its own life, determine its own institutions, be assured
of justice and fair dealing by the other peoples of the world, as against
force and selfish aggression.
All the peoples of the world are in effect partners in this interest,
and for our own part we see very clearly that unless justice be done to
others it will not be done to us.
The program of the world's peace, therefore, is our program; and
that program, the only possible program, all we see it, is this:
1. Open covenants of peace must be arrived at, after which there
will surely be no private international action or rulings of any kind,
but diplomacy shall proceed always frankly and in the public view.
2. Absolute freedom of navigation upon the seas, outside territorial
waters, alike in peace and in war, except as the seas may be closed in
whole or in part by international action for the enforcement of international
covenants.
3. The removal, so far as possible, of all economic barriers and
the establishment of an equality of trade conditions among all the nations
consenting to the peace and associating themselves for its maintenance.
4. Adequate guarantees given and taken that national armaments will
be reduced to the lowest points consistent with domestic safety.
5. A free, open-minded, and absolutely impartial adjustment of all
colonial claims, based upon a strict observance of the principle that in
determining all such questions of sovereignty the interests of the population
concerned must have equal weight with the equitable claims of the government
whose title is to be determined.
6. The evacuation of all Russian territory and such a settlement
of all questions affecting Russia as will secure the best and freest cooperation
of the other nations of the world in obtaining for her an unhampered and
unembarrassed opportunity for the independent determination of her own
political development and national policy, and assure her of a sincere
welcome into the society of free nations under institutions of her own
choosing; and, more than a welcome, assistance also of every kind that
she may need and may herself desire. The treatment accorded Russia by her
sister nations in the months to come will be the acid test of their good
will, of their comprehension of her needs as distinguished from their own
interests, and of their intelligent and unselfish sympathy.
7. Belgium, the whole world will agree, must be evacuated and restored,
without any attempt to limit the sovereignty which she enjoys in common
with all other free nations. No other single act will serve as this will
serve to restore confidence among the nations in the laws which they have
themselves set and determined for the government of their relations with
one another. Without this healing act the whole structure and validity
of international law is forever impaired.
8. All French territory should be freed and the invaded portions
restored, and the wrong done to France by Prussia in 1871 in the matter
of Alsace-Lorraine, which has unsettled the peace of the world for nearly
fifty years, should be righted, in order that peace may once more be made
secure in the interest of all.
9. A re-adjustment of the frontiers of Italy should be effected along
clearly recognizable lines of nationality.
10. The peoples of Austria-Hungary, whose place among the nations
we wish to see safeguarded and assured, should be accorded the freest opportunity
of autonomous development.
11. Romania, Serbia, and Montenegro should be evacuated; occupied
territories restored; Serbia accorded free and secure access to the sea;
and the relations of the several Balkan states to one another determined
by friendly counsel along historically established lines of allegiance
and nationality; and international guarantees of the political and economic
independence and territorial integrity of the several Balkan states should
be entered into.
12. The Turkish portions of the present Ottoman Empire should be
assured a secure sovereignty, but the other nationalities which are now
under Turkish rule should be assured an undoubted security of life and
an absolutely unmolested opportunity of autonomous development, and the
Dardanelles should be permanently opened as a free passage to the ships
and commerce of all nations under international guarantees.
13. An independent Polish state should be erected which should include
the territories inhabited by indisputably Polish populations, which should
be assured a free and secure access to the sea, and whose political and
economic independence and territorial integrity should be guaranteed by
international covenant.
14. A general association of nations must be formed under specific
covenants for the purpose of affording mutual guarantees of political independence
and territorial integrity to great and small states alike.
In regard to these essential rectifications of wrong and assertions
of right, we feel ourselves to be intimate partners of all the governments
and peoples associated together against the imperialists. We cannot be
separated in interest or divided in purpose. We stand together until the
end.
For such arrangements and covenants we are willing to fight and to
continue to fight until they are achieved; but only because we wish the
right to prevail and desire a just and stable peace such as can be secured
only by removing the chief provocations to war, which this program does
remove.
We have no jealousy of German greatness, and there is nothing in
this program that impairs it. We grudge her no achievement or distinction
of learning or of pacific enterprise such as have made her record very
bright and very enviable. We do not wish to injure her or to block in any
way her legitimate influence or power. We do not wish to fight her either
with arms or with hostile arrangements of trade, if she is willing to associate
herself with us and the other peace-loving nations of the world in covenants
of justice and law and fair dealing.
We wish her only to accept a place of equality among the peoples
of the world--the new world in which we now live--instead of a place of
mastery.
Neither do we presume to suggest to her any alteration or modification
of her institutions. But it is necessary, we must frankly say, and necessary
as a preliminary to any intelligent dealings with her on our part, that
we should know whom her spokesmen speak for when they speak to us, whether
for the Reichstag majority or for the military party and the men whose
creed is imperial domination.
We have spoken now, surely, in terms too concrete to admit of any
further doubt or question. An evident principle runs through the whole
program I have outlined. It is the principle of justice to all peoples
and nationalities, and their right to live on equal terms of liberty and
safety with one another, whether they be strong or weak.
Unless this principle be made its foundation, no part of the structure
of international justice can stand. The people of the United States could
act upon no other principle, and to the vindication of this principle they
are ready to devote their lives, their honor, and everything that they
possess. The moral climax of this, the culminating and final war for human
liberty has come, and they are ready to put their own strength, their own
highest purpose, their own integrity and devotion to the test.
President Woodrow Wilson - January 8, 1918
