To know what people really think, observe what they do, not what they say.
Our anxiety does not come from thinking about the future, but from wanting to control it.
Don’t listen to those people who suggest you should be ‘over it’ by now. The people who squawk the loudest about such things have almost never had to get over anything. Or at least not anything that was genuinely, mind..soul-crushingly life altering.
The right partner makes your life take off, not settle down. The right partner doesn’t change you – you change yourself when you feel free enough to be loved for who you really are.
Photographs are a way of imprisoning reality.
Most great accomplishments do not look promising in the beginning. If you give up on a big dream too early, you have probably stepped on gold and mistook it for a rock.
Sometimes we only see how people are different from us. But if you look hard enough you can see how much we're all alike.
Forgiveness is a power. To beg for it is a power, and to withhold or bestow it is a power, perhaps the greatest.
I guess people like to read about the things that they want the most and experience the least.
What I've noticed is that when people say, 'You're too sensitive,' they're annoyed because I'm so perceptive.
Are there any rules when it comes to love. There is just one: Let it change you. Let it leave you better than you were before.
I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university.
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live.
Stop searching for happiness in the same place you lost it. Change is not dismantling the old, it's building the new.
Happiness is not how many things you do, but how well you do them.
The simple things are also the most extraordinary things, and only the wise can see them.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
What one does is what counts and not what one had the intention of doing.
I do not see the world at all; I invent it.
I have been and still am a seeker, but I have ceased to question stars and books; I have begun to listen to the teachings my blood whispers to me.
To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded.
Being tolerant does not mean that I share another’s belief. But it does mean that I acknowledge another’s right to believe, and obey, his own conscience.
I'm not doing anything, and yet I'm also doing the most important thing a man can do: I'm listening to what I needed to hear from myself.
It’s all about falling in love with yourself and sharing that love with someone who appreciates you, rather than looking for love to compensate for a self love deficit.
What you radiate outward in your thoughts, feelings, mental pictures and words, you attract into your life.
Getting right with yourself is as simple as listening to your heart for a change. Learn to trust your feelings instead of stigmatizing them, or making jokes, or acting like they don’t exist.
